21st Street is very close to 22nd Street.


A blind man taught him kung fu.
A cat was following him all night.
A few of the kids in my class got the flu last week.
A guitar is a musical instrument.
A large crowd is standing in front of the London Eye.
A lot of students failed the math exam last Friday.
A man, who was also on that ship, drew a picture of her.
A one-way ticket to the airport is fifteen dollars.
A scientist hid the box in a place nobody knows.
A simple life is not a boring life.
A two-day pass is fifty pounds, including a tour guide.
A walking tour sounds interesting!
According to the government, the election is over.
According to the news, he has won the election.
According to the news, there will be a new president.
Actually, I don't have trouble with the printer anymore.
Actually, I enjoy writing essays because I'm good at it.
Actually, I think doing housework is relaxing.
Actually, I wasn't very happy when I shared that photo.
Actually, I went to Hawaii to watch whales last month.
Actually, I went whale watching in Hawaii last month.
Actually, he drove the jeep better than you did.
Actually, my new office is located near my house.
Actually, the quality of the stuff that's on sale is better.
Actually, this is a well-known Korean drama!
Actually, this suit was designed by that model!
Actually, we had a great relationship for a while!
Actually, we may have a tent in the garage.
Actually, we still get together quite a lot now!
After I drove her home, she didn't talk to me anymore.
After onboarding, I understand what I should do now.
After prom was over, we went to a party.
After the kids broke the vase, did Mom forgive them?
After the last song was over, everyone left.
After the play ended, the cast came to the stage again.
Ah, I think that's all, thank you!
All new students must take two English courses.
All of the characters are so funny!
All of the information on that form was incorrect!
All of the musicians were amazing performers!
All of the products in this store are made from plants.
All of the seniors are so excited about prom.
All the best!
All the best, Emma, bye!
All the best, talk to you soon!
All the food in the fridge was gone!
Although I dislike its trailer, I'll still watch this movie.
Although he was friendly, he gave us the wrong order!
Although he's blind, he's very good at kung fu.
Although our order arrived quickly, my food still got cold.
Although the fried tofu smells bad, it tastes delicious!
Although this dish is a bit sour, I still like it.
Am I able to check in for my flight online?
Am I forgiven, Mom?
An hour and a half is a long lunch break!
Anna and Tom offered to help, right?
Anna has some knowledge she can share with us.
Anna is pretty good at geography!
Anna said she wants grilled tuna and mashed potatoes.
Anna's watching my live video, isn't she?
Anna, what is making you so nervous?
Anna, who plays piano very well, likes soul music.
Are the sausages in Germany delicious?
Are the sleeping bags still in the jeep?
Are the three meals included in the price of the cruise?
Are there any good TV shows on this channel tonight?
Are there any good restaurants on 21st Street?
Are there any lemon cookies on the buffet?
Are there any rooms available with an ocean view?
Are there any volcanoes in that national park?
Are these books buy one get one free?
Are these slow songs making you sad?
Are they coming over on Saturday night?
Are they coming with us this weekend or not?
Are they going to join us, or not?
Are we going to ride on the London Eye?
Are we going to take the highway?
Are we on the ground floor or the second floor?
Are you a full-time or a part-time employee here?
Are you all right?
Are you building a sandcastle?
Are you excited to move out of this place?
Are you going to order the chicken curry?
Are you going to put a movie on?
Are you interested in Korean dramas?
Are you interested in literature?
Are you new here?
Are you new in town?
Are you pleased with your grade?
Are you ready for the big game?
Are you thinking about learning English with Duolingo?
Are you thinking of traveling to Africa for the holiday?
Aren't there always a lot of storms in the summer?
Aren't there often snowstorms in New York?
Aren't there often thunderstorms here in July?
Aren't there often thunderstorms in the evening?
Aren't they going to fly to Las Vegas on Sunday?
Aren't they going to stay in Shanghai on Friday?
Aren't you afraid that no one will take you to prom?
Aren't you amazed at this movie?
Aren't you going to drive to Miami next week?
Aren't you in London now?
Aren't you very afraid of lightning?
Art history seems like an interesting course.
As usual, Duo was late.
As usual, we'll have the meeting at 9 a.m.
As you grow up, you realize life isn't easy.
As you grow up, you realize marriage isn't romantic at all!
At that time, Aunt Emma planted carrots on her farm.
At this restaurant, we can eat outdoors.
At this time next week, I'll be staying in a nice hotel.
Attention everyone.
Attention, please.


Back then, I used to be a member of the tennis club.
Back then, everyone lived an ordinary life.
Back then, he used to hate school dances.
Back then, he used to play video games every day.
Back then, she used to hang out with me a lot.
Back then, they used to have parties every weekend.
Be careful of bears during the hike.
Be careful of dangerous animals during the hike.
Be careful of the bomb!
Be careful of the broken sidewalks in that area.
Be careful, don't get lost in the forest.
Be careful, some of the wildlife is dangerous.
Before I went to bed, I felt great!
Before I went to the bathroom, I felt sick.
Before he went to the bathroom, he had a bad stomachache.
Before summer ends, she'll visit her family in Beijing.
Before you choose a partner, I'll repeat the instructions.
Ben and Emma are food bloggers, aren't they?
Ben can't stay in a foreign country right now.
Ben doesn't want a salad because he doesn't like lettuce.
Ben fell asleep, and he had a bad dream.
Ben fixed the window, so he's forgiven.
Ben forgot to put his underwear away again.
Ben had a flat tire on his way to work.
Ben has only taken the Gaokao once.
Ben is asking Dad what those medals are made of.
Ben is new in town.
Ben wants these leather pants very badly!
Ben wants to be a yoga teacher because he loves yoga.
Ben was embarrassed because everyone was laughing at him.
Ben was going to order seafood, but he felt sick.
Ben was wrong, the party started at seven.
Ben will dry the plates after dinner.
Ben's major is biology, isn't it?
Ben, it's not a good idea to argue with our boss.
Ben, who was my student, won first place.
Besides a bad stomachache, he also has a headache.
Besides a headache, I also have a toothache.
Besides doing research, we need to have a discussion.
Besides the medicine, the doctor also gave my son candy.
Besides water, you can also drink some hot tea.
Besides writing an essay, we have to make the slide show.
Board games are good for the brain.
Both hats are nice, but this one is cheaper than the other.
Boys wear fancy suits to prom.
Breaking news, city hall is on fire!
Bugs don't like bug spray.
By the way, the manager told us not to be late.


Camping and hiking in nature is always fun.
Can I ask you how you improved your surfing skills?
Can I ask you why these pills are so big?
Can I bring my dog if we travel abroad?
Can I change five thousand dollars for RMB?
Can I change two thousand euros for RMB?
Can I check in for my flight online?
Can I cover you with some comfortable cotton sheets?
Can I eat the last dumpling?
Can I get pounds at this ATM?
Can I have less ice in my drink?
Can I have some shrimp dumplings?
Can I put some chili sauce in the salad?
Can I sleep next to you, Mom?
Can I spend a few minutes talking about the environment?
Can we get round-trip tickets at this ticket machine?
Can we get something to drink at the rest stop?
Can we go for a walk on the Brooklyn Bridge?
Can we have the meeting at 5:45?
Can we take the liquor on the airplane?
Can we throw these plastic bottles away?
Can we walk along this path?
Can you all wear a tie to the online meeting?
Can you ask Ben what the commentators often talk about?
Can you ask the doctor how often I should take this pill?
Can you bring the turkey to Thanksgiving dinner?
Can you describe the animals you saw?
Can you end the war?
Can you get a plate to put the rolls on?
Can you get us some sweets at the rest stop?
Can you give me some advice on learning English?
Can you go look for some plates?
Can you hear the birds?
Can you help me return this pair of tennis shoes?
Can you put away your socks?
Can you put these cushions back on the couch?
Can you send me the link to the trailer?
Can you set the table?
Can you show him the shop where you got a uniform?
Can you teach me how to make a photocopy?
Can you tell her where that Olympic athlete comes from?
Can you tell me how you teach your kids those good habits?
Can you tell me what the title of this film is?
Can you tell me where I can buy this kind of pill?
Can you tell me where you found these facts?
Can you tell me which country has the most medals?
Can you tell me who is holding the Olympic flame?
Can you tell me who the diver on the left is?
Can you tell my son why he should take these pills?
Can you tell us who lives in the Olympic Village?
Can you tell us why this is good for the environment?
Catch the ball, Ben!
Celebrities are rich and famous.
Cheers, I'm so happy for you!
City hall has been here for over twenty years.
Click here to search for a podcast.
Click here to search for podcasts.
College is going well!
Cologne is a great souvenir!
Coming up next, we'll watch the weather forecast.
Congratulations, let's celebrate!
Cooking shows are my favorite!
Cool, I can't wait!
Could I possibly get this chair in a different color?
Could I use some of your bug spray?
Could you carry these suitcases across the hall?
Could you deliver my order as soon as possible?
Could you give me a wake-up call at 7 a.m.?
Could you please help Mrs. Wang take care of her flowers?
Could you please help me take care of these plants?
Could you please help us take care of the garden?
Could you please take care of our dog on Friday?
Could you put less cheese on our pizza?
Could you put me through to Tom please?
Could you show me where the break room is located?
Could you tell me how to get a refund?
Couldn't he take biology in the evening?
Couldn't we take French literature online?
Couldn't you change your mind?
Cycling on the Brooklyn Bridge is fun!


Dad always puts us to bed at 9 p.m.
Dad asked me how to delete an email on his phone.
Dad didn't ask me what the doctor said about my cough.
Dad doesn't know which electronics he should buy.
Dad doesn't let me drive his car anymore.
Dad doesn't want me to buy this outfit.
Dad hugged me before he went to bed.
Dad is amazed at what happened in the movie.
Dad is asking Lisa what that diver's nationality is.
Dad is asking me who is performing at the opening ceremony.
Dad let me put the tofu in the pan.
Dad shouted at me, so I changed all of his passwords.
Dad wants Mom to buy this sweatshirt for him.
Dad wants to buy some liquor here.
Dad, I like walking the dog with you!
Dad, cover us with that big wool blanket!
Dad, is it OK if some friends of mine come over?
Dad, the puppy wants to sleep beside me tonight!
Definitely, one moment please.
Did Ben ask the doctor what he could do about the fever?
Did Dad give you the change in his pocket?
Did Duo get a good score on the Gaokao last year?
Did Emma offer to help you?
Did Grandma use to work at a local shop?
Did Mom tell you why she doesn't want a big celebration?
Did anyone tell you who to talk to about this problem?
Did everyone here get a roll?
Did grandma grow tomatoes on the farm?
Did he get paid more at his last job?
Did he just score a goal?
Did he take the noodles out of the pan?
Did he use to love local food?
Did he use to play cards at the local bar every day?
Did my phone ring?
Did she get paid last week?
Did she hang up on you?
Did she use to enjoy camping?
Did she use to work as a tour guide in Africa?
Did someone put the coke back in the refrigerator?
Did the kids enjoy the theme park?
Did the kids put their underwear away?
Did the kids use to go to the local school?
Did the kids walk the dog today?
Did the manager tell the staff to give you a refund?
Did the manager tell you to go to the cash register?
Did the server drop your fork on the floor?
Did the staff tell you how to return this?
Did their kids use to play at the local park every day?
Did they find the man who was responsible for the car crash?
Did they give us the chili sauce?
Did they use to like living in the desert?
Did we pass by the White House a few minutes ago?
Did you apply for a new job?
Did you ask Emma which card we need to sign?
Did you ask the doctor why you had a fever?
Did you ask the tour guide the details of tomorrow's tour?
Did you borrow that puzzle from Anna?
Did you buy a pair of name brand sneakers?
Did you check the airline's website?
Did you complete the form that's on the website?
Did you dream about going to the beach?
Did you dream about me last night?
Did you dream about scary things?
Did you enjoy your time at the hotel?
Did you get the flu from your classmates?
Did you get the food from the delivery driver?
Did you go backstage to see the cast?
Did you go in that room and have a look?
Did you go in the house?
Did you go through the security check?
Did you hang up on me last night?
Did you have a good time running yesterday?
Did you have a great time in Chinatown?
Did you have a happy childhood, Grandpa?
Did you have any experience before you did this project?
Did you have fun playing the keyboard?
Did you help Mom clean up the kitchen?
Did you invite the Greens to our housewarming party?
Did you like the play last night?
Did you pay this electricity bill?
Did you pick up your luggage at the airport?
Did you receive a message from your classmate?
Did you receive the invitation to the class?
Did you remember to bring sunscreen?
Did you remember to bring those secret files?
Did you remember to lock the front door?
Did you see a set of keys in my purse?
Did you see any blood?
Did you see any garlic bread on the buffet?
Did you see that poster for the flea market?
Did you see the price tag on this suit?
Did you sign up for intermediate French or advanced French?
Did you stop at the supermarket on your way home?
Did you take the cookies out of the oven?
Did you tell her to check the price tag?
Did you tell him when you started having a fever?
Did you touch Grandma's jewelry?
Did you use to enjoy adventures?
Did you use to live in Africa?
Did you walk around Chinatown?
Did you wash all of the dishes by yourselves?
Did your TV get stolen last night?
Did your boss give you any feedback?
Did your novel get published?
Did your plane take off late?
Didn't everyone have fun at the wedding?
Didn't he become a famous author?
Didn't our niece use to like mooncakes?
Didn't she become blind after the car crash?
Didn't they come to the class reunion?
Didn't they use to travel all over Africa?
Didn't you buy that musician's album?
Didn't you have the chance to become the team leader?
Didn't you start working there after graduation?
Didn't you use to have fun in Kenya?
Didn't you use to live with the wildlife?
Didn't you use to love adventures?
Didn't you want to become a journalist?
Didn't your grandpa use to be a cowboy?
Didn't your grandparents have a long marriage?
Digital books are very popular nowadays.
Dinner was great, but prom was unpleasant.
Diving is my favorite Olympic sport to watch.
Do these sneakers come in purple?
Do they sell dolls at the second-hand shop?
Do they sell tuna Fried Rice?
Do they still sit around the tree and open presents?
Do we have enough gas?
Do we have time to go to basketball practice?
Do we have to accept whatever is decided by the team leader?
Do we have to print this document?
Do we need a two-day pass for the boat tour?
Do you enjoy living on an island?
Do you feel nervous?
Do you fully understand what she's talking about?
Do you fully understand which forms we need to sign?
Do you get paid once or twice a month?
Do you give candy to small children?
Do you have a driver's license?
Do you have an extra skateboard?
Do you have time to go to volleyball practice?
Do you know Superman, who is the strongest superhero?
Do you know how to search for podcasts in the app store?
Do you know how to set up an account on this website?
Do you know how to use an electric stove?
Do you know how to use the GPS?
Do you know the recipe for Kung Pao chicken?
Do you know the time when happy hour starts?
Do you know what kind of products they sell?
Do you know what to do, sir?
Do you know where that guy hid the suitcase?
Do you know which duty-free shop might have this product?
Do you know which products are buy one get one free?
Do you know why this medicine is not safe for children?
Do you like ice skating?
Do you like riding your electric scooter in the summer?
Do you like riding your electric scooter to the park?
Do you like the sentences on Duolingo?
Do you like this type of mooncake?
Do you like traveling by air or by train?
Do you listen to jazz?
Do you look at the moon during the Mid-Autumn Festival?
Do you love to play rugby with your kids in the summer?
Do you mind if I smoke here?
Do you need cream in your coffee?
Do you need oil or butter to bake cookies?
Do you prefer short hair or long hair?
Do you prefer the blue school uniform or the red one?
Do you prefer to go swimming or hiking?
Do you prefer to listen to some classical music?
Do you prefer to put on a movie or do a puzzle?
Do you prefer to read fiction or non-fiction?
Do you promise to always support each other?
Do you remember how many colleagues quit then?
Do you remember when Ben resigned?
Do you still remember our first kiss?
Do you still stay up late?
Do you take lunch to work?
Do you think this seafood smells strange?
Do you think we can get there on foot?
Do you want a weekly pass or a monthly pass?
Do you want lettuce on your sandwich?
Do you want me to put some medicine on your toe?
Do you want to get a weekly pass?
Do you want to get better at dancing?
Do you want to get delivery from your favorite steakhouse?
Do you want to go anywhere?
Do you want to go to the shop that you like?
Do you want to grab a drink?
Do you want to put butter on your popcorn?
Do you want to take advanced Japanese?
Do you want to taste this chili sauce?
Do you want white roses or red roses?
Do you work full-time or part-time?
Does Duo have anything to do tonight?
Does Kenya have the most runners at the Olympics?
Does Tom like comic books?
Does anyone remember where she worked after she quit?
Does anyone want the last roll?
Does driving a car have a bad effect on the environment?
Does every dish come with a salad?
Does he know how this brand is different from the other one?
Does he look like me?
Does he remember why the manager quit last year?
Does my throat look red?
Does our boss fully understand why we're still confused?
Does she have time to go to soccer practice?
Does she know which brand she's looking for?
Does the rent include water and electricity?
Does the salesperson know what the name of this brand is?
Does this brunch come with fruit yogurt?
Does this fast food restaurant sell fried chicken?
Does this meal come with fries, or do we have to pay extra?
Does this new computer have a touch screen?
Does this room have an ocean view?
Does this wool scarf come in green?
Does your arm hurt when you get the flu shot?
Doesn't he want to contact us while he's out of the country?
Doesn't he want to have a fancy wedding?
Doesn't she want a white wedding dress?
Doesn't the bride look beautiful?
Doesn't the food here taste delicious?
Doesn't the groom look happy?
Doesn't this cake taste delicious?
Doesn't this cake taste sweet?
Doesn't this champagne taste great?
Doesn't this wedding look fancy?
Doing yoga is good for your brain too.
Don't be nervous!
Don't be nervous, you will enjoy your new job!
Don't bounce the ball in the house anymore!
Don't contact me on this app anymore.
Don't drink tea before bed.
Don't eat too much before bed.
Don't forget to drink water during the hike.
Don't forget to give our son a hug before you go to bed!
Don't forget to look at the bottom of the list!
Don't forget your prescription.
Don't get off here, it's not the final stop.
Don't go anywhere alone.
Don't go anywhere by yourself.
Don't let the kids play if they don't do housework.
Don't miss any deadlines in college!
Don't put your feet on the cushions, kids.
Don't take this exit, take the next exit.
Don't talk too much, get some sleep.
Don't tell anyone the password to your account.
Don't text your ex-girlfriend anymore.
Don't they want to dance at the wedding?
Don't they want to invite Emma to the wedding?
Don't try to put out the fire by yourself!
Don't worry, I'll put medicine on your finger.
Don't worry, I'm not going to give up!
Don't worry, the villages at the border are safe now.
Don't worry, you won't get wet in the desert!
Don't worry, you'll find a date for prom.
Don't worry, your throat will feel better soon.
Don't you feel sorry for him?
Don't you know the directions to the beach?
Don't you like this colorful swimsuit?
Don't you realize people change as they grow up?
Don't you remember the day when we went on an adventure?
Don't you think fireflies are cool?
Don't you think it's exciting to have a wedding?
Don't you think marriage is exciting?
Don't you think marriage is hard sometimes?
Don't you think my date dances well?
Don't you think our wedding is romantic?
Don't you think roses are romantic?
Don't you think the directions on the map are confusing?
Don't you think this fancy restaurant is romantic?
Don't you think this pasta with garlic sauce smells good?
Don't you think those prices are a bit high?
Don't you think you're successful enough?
Don't you want to have a wedding?
Drink a cup of milk before bed.
Drink more water if your throat hurts.
Drive across the bridge and then turn left.
Duo is pleased with my English score.
Duo loves his new home office!
Duo needs to change six thousand RMB for dollars.
Duo told us that he wants to drive.
Duo, don't leave! Wait for me!
During the day, sometimes it's above forty degrees here!
During the hike, be careful of bears.
During the hike, everyone should walk in pairs.
During the holiday sale, everyone pays half price!


E-books are very popular nowadays.
Each book in that series is very long.
Each meal comes with two fresh rolls.
Each student will get a student ID before school starts.
Earn more or spend less, that is a question.
Eating at a fancy Italian restaurant sounds romantic!
Either way, I just want you to be happy, honey.
Either way, I still think you're a great person.
Either way, I'll always support you, Emma!
Either way, this will be a difficult choice.
Either way, you've got to make up your mind soon.
Emma accidentally spilled tea on the white mat.
Emma accidentally spilled tea on the white rug.
Emma always keeps herself busy at work.
Emma and Duo will leave for Milan soon.
Emma and I have a great relationship.
Emma applied for a job last month.
Emma doesn't want to help the neighbors, does she?
Emma doesn't want to stay outside in the cold for too long.
Emma has dance lessons three times a week.
Emma has prepared for the SAT, but she hasn't taken it yet.
Emma has signed up for eight courses this semester!
Emma is a good partner, although she's a bit serious.
Emma is asking us how many medals the US has.
Emma left her keys in the car by mistake.
Emma likes both yoga and Tai Chi.
Emma must put the toys in the cabinet.
Emma offered to show me around the city.
Emma ordered shrimp because she doesn't eat beef.
Emma said she'll translate this page into French.
Emma said that I'm not the right person for her.
Emma signed up for eight courses this semester!
Emma talked to the woman who found her purse.
Emma wants to buy this wool scarf very badly!
Emma's camera and Tom's laptop were taken.
Emma's nephew isn't shy at all, is he?
Emma, has your group picked a topic yet?
Emma, who is your advisor?
Emma, who is your mentor?
Emma, whose hair is long and red, is a fairly new character.
Emma, why is he making you so upset?
Enjoy your childhood because you'll grow up fast!
Ever since Emma was young, she's loved reading.
Ever since I was in high school, I've loved non-fiction.
Ever since he was a kid, he's loved comic books.
Every day except Saturday, the museum is open until 6 p.m.
Every dish comes with soup.
Every fast food restaurant has burgers.
Every kids' meal comes with a toy.
Every musician is an important part of the orchestra!
Everyone applauded when she scored a goal.
Everyone applauded when the actor walked onto the stage.
Everyone in the family is getting flu shots today!
Everyone in the theater applauded after the first act.
Everyone is allowed to wear jeans to work!
Everyone seems very friendly.
Ew, I don't like this dish at all.
Ew, the garbage is really smelly!
Ew, this soup tastes sour.
Ew, this tuna salad tastes terrible.
Ew, throw that smelly garbage away!
Ew, what's that smell?
Excuse me, I need a monthly pass.
Excuse me, do you know how much this product is?
Excuse me, is this bag available in a different color?
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Excuse me, sir, did you book a table for two?
Excuse me, sir, what's the matter?
Excuse me, what is this cologne made from?
Excuse me, where can I find the bus schedule?
Exercise is good for your brain.
Exercise is good for your heart.


Finally, the Kung Pao chicken is ready!
Finally, the US scored a goal!
Finally, the mapo tofu is ready!
Finally, the town's border became peaceful again.
Finally, the udon is ready!
First of all, the rent is a bit high.
First of all, this apartment is in a safe area.
First, put some butter on your bread.
First, put some cereal in a bowl.
First, put ten grams of oil in a bowl.
First, we need to recycle these things.
Five world records were broken yesterday!
Follow the highway for a few more miles.
Follow this highway for fifty miles to get there.
For dinner, we'll be serving ham and turkey.
For dinner, we'll be serving roast duck!
For how many nights?
Forgetting her name is so embarrassing!
Fortunately, there's always next year!
Freshmen shouldn't take too many advanced courses.
Friends, which is a comedy about New York, is my favorite.
Friends, which is a comedy, is very popular.
From Boston to Beijing, we changed planes three times.


Get in the car, I don't want to be late!
Get out your workbooks.
Give me a call if you want to hang out tomorrow.
Go up the stairs, turn right, and you'll see your room.
Go wash up and have dinner.
Go wash up, and then set the table.
Good luck with everything!
Good luck with your meeting!
Good luck with your new job!
Good night, kids, we love you!
Good night, sweet dreams!
Good role models are important, aren't they?
Grandma always types very slowly.
Grandma can contact us on this app.
Grandma does Tai Chi every day, so she's very healthy.
Grandma doesn't let me hold the baby.
Grandma doesn't like to cook with the microwave.
Grandma is lonely because she lives alone now.
Grandma let me mix the eggs and milk together.
Grandma used to wash all of our clothes by hand.
Grandma was angry because the kitchen was messy.
Grandma wrote Grandpa a long love letter.
Grandpa didn't use to watch TV much.
Grandpa doesn't let me touch his comic books.
Grandpa is a great cook, but his kitchen is always messy!
Grandpa isn't good with smartphones.
Grandpa usually does Tai Chi in the park.
Grandpa usually reads in the study.
Grandpa was excited to retire last year, but now he's bored!
Great kick, Lisa!
Great kick, good job!
Guess what, everything is buy one get one free!


Halloween is coming!
Happy Anniversary, you're so lucky to have each other!
Happy anniversary, congratulations!
Has everyone already washed up?
Has he made up his mind to become a vegetarian?
Has she worked as an engineer before?
Has that character always been blind?
Has the reporter said anything since the bomb was found?
Have a good time on the hike!
Have the reporters been there since the fire started?
Have you always liked soccer, Lisa?
Have you ever seen fireflies before?
Have you ever taken the train anywhere in Europe?
Have you ever traveled in the south of Germany?
Have you found a date for prom?
Have you picked your major yet?
Have you planned your part of the project yet?
Have you taken the Gaokao once or twice?
Have you taken the SAT yet?
Have you watched Friends before?
Have you watched Friends, which is a comedy about New York?
Have you worked for an electric company before?
Have you worked here since 2010?
Have you worked in an office before?
Hawaii is one of the states that she's visiting.
He always has fun playing the keyboard.
He applied for a position in the design department.
He asked me about the details of tomorrow's tour.
He asked me to marry him when we met!
He asked me to marry him, and I said yes!
He became a news anchor after he moved to Boston.
He bought three new books, which are all best sellers!
He broke his right ankle, and it hurts badly.
He can't go to prom because he isn't a senior.
He couldn't practice kung fu after the car crash.
He didn't put those in the red bin, right?
He didn't tell me where I could find the cough medicine.
He does Tai Chi in the park every Tuesday.
He doesn't like turkey, but he loves pumpkin pie!
He doesn't park in front of his own house, does he?
He doesn't work hard, and he's never on time.
He drew on the wall, and now he's in trouble.
He fell down while he was running to the platform!
He forgot to pick up his luggage.
He found his watch in the neighbor's front yard.
He gave us some advice on advanced math.
He goes to NYU, and his major is Chinese.
He got a call from his ex-girlfriend last weekend.
He got an F on his report card last year.
He got fired, I can't believe it!
He had a good time running with his friends.
He had a great time in Chinatown yesterday.
He has already passed the English exam.
He has been wrong about the weather for the past week.
He has got to put all of the books on the shelf.
He has retired, so he won't be on TV anymore.
He has taken both the SAT and the Gaokao twice.
He hasn't prepared for the Chinese exam yet.
He hasn't prepared for the SAT yet.
He helped me find the sandals and a nice dress!
He hit his toe while he was cleaning the stove.
He hurt himself while he was playing on the playground.
He is considering riding his electric bike.
He is not a graduate, he is still in high school.
He is very young, but he is very talented!
He isn't going to post anything tonight, is he?
He isn't online because his laptop battery is dead.
He learned a lot by working at this company.
He learned how to speak Korean for that character!
He learned how to speak Korean for that role!
He left his house without the key to his office.
He looked like a bird when he flew through the sky!
He loves grilled meat.
He made me pay for my own dinner!
He might go to Japan, but if not, he'll be home.
He never used to eat out because it was expensive.
He never used to love adventures, but now he does.
He offered to show me around the office.
He only mows the lawn twice a year!
He plans on fishing with his grandpa.
He plays the character whose friend is Superman.
He plays the guy whose ring is taken by the monster.
He put the wrong type of gas in his car by mistake.
He really likes when he can learn many new things.
He recorded a song for her, and then they got engaged.
He said that he wants some sweets.
He seems like a cheerful person, but actually, he's unhappy.
He should sign up for finance, shouldn't he?
He still remembers how he went to the wrong meeting room.
He surprised me with a hundred roses.
He told me to ask for a refund at the cash register.
He used to be my colleague, but now he isn't.
He wants a burger, fries, and a bottle of soda.
He wants to be a vegetarian, but he hates vegetables!
He wants to quit smoking and drinking.
He was a cook six years ago, and now he's a chef.
He was going to eat his pasta, but he found a hair in it.
He was going to eat the pasta, but it was too spicy.
He was going to get chicken curry, but it was sold out.
He was going to have toast, but there's no jam.
He was going to major in English, but he changed his mind.
He was going to order a steak, but it was sold out.
He was going to swim in the lake, but the water is too cold.
He was singing pop songs all night.
He was the winner of the race!
He was up all night because he was playing video games.
He was wrong, it will rain!
He wasn't going to work today, but he has a meeting.
He watched a film, which was long and boring.
He watched a scary movie, and then he was up all night.
He wears a tie all the time.
He woke up from his dream, and he was happy.
He works in his home office all the time.
He'll be sending us a postcard when he's in the UK.
He'll be staying here for three extra nights.
He'll find out more about the life here when he comes here.
He'll improve his English when he learns new vocabulary.
He'll take an extra two days off next week.
He's a fairly shy character, whose sister is a superhero.
He's a freshman at Harvard.
He's already failed the English exam twice.
He's already passed that exam.
He's already taken the SAT twice.
He's asking me who is dancing at the opening ceremony.
He's been interested in political news since he was twelve.
He's been to France, but he's never been to Spain.
He's best at cooking, and I'm best at eating!
He's calling to speak to customer service.
He's excited because he got promoted!
He's flown in a helicopter from France to Spain!
He's going to avoid traveling abroad next year.
He's got to clean his room before tonight.
He's grilling steaks for everyone!
He's not an average student, he's a good student!
He's not in the office at the moment.
He's only ten, but he's very good with computers!
He's probably bored because he doesn't like music.
He's taken the history exam twice.
He's the best role model, isn't he?
He's the youngest athlete at the Olympics this year.
He's too tall, he always hits the door.
He's worked in the design department for ten years.
He's worried about the score that he got on the SAT.
Hello, Duo speaking, how may I help you?
Hello, Emma speaking, could you say that again?
Hello, I'm Anna, and I'm new.
Hello, how may I help you?
Hello, it's me, Tom.
Hello, sir! How can I help you?
Hello, sir, how may I help you?
Her behavior is not very good, and I'm disappointed.
Her brother, who has straight hair, is a great singer.
Her cell phone as well as her purse were gone.
Her daughter, who has straight hair, is very tall.
Her fiancé is very handsome.
Her girlfriend is very attractive.
Her leg is broken, but I didn't see any blood.
Her parents are pleased with her studies.
Here are the crayons which you need.
Here are the running shoes which are on sale.
Here are the running shoes which she likes best.
Here are the shoes which he bought for gym class.
Here are the skates which I bought for gym class.
Here is your diploma.
Here is your weekly pass!
Here you go!
Here's a prescription for this medicine.
Here's an exercise that's good for your arms.
Here's an exercise that's good for your back.
Here's an exercise that's good for your body.
Here's an exercise that's good for your legs.
Here's the White House, which was built in 1792.
Here's the perfume which my daughter likes best.
Here's the ruler which my sister bought for me.
Here's the school supply list which my teacher gave me.
Hey Ben, I mean, Tom.
Hey Ben, how was your day?
Hey Ben, what are your plans for New Year's Eve?
Hey Emma, is your boyfriend still coming over?
Hey Grandma, who's your favorite grandkid?
Hey Lisa, can you give me the rolls please?
Hey Mom, what's a CD?
Hey everyone, welcome to the class reunion!
Hey honey, are the kids asleep?
Hey, Emma, how's it going?
Hey, Lisa, how's Harvard going?
Hey, Tom, did you hang up on me?
Hey, Tom, how's it going?
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, it's me, Ben.
Hi honey, how was your day?
Hi, who's calling?
Hiking in nature is amazing!
His cat is always in a bad mood.
His daily life isn't boring at all, is it?
His date made him dance, but he didn't want to.
His dream is to ride a camel through the desert!
His followers ask him to post a photo every day.
His full name is on his diploma.
His new account isn't very popular with teenagers, is it?
His new job as a doctor is going well.
His phone rang while he was playing video games.
His phone rang while he was talking to his friend.
His sister, who has straight hair, looks like their mom.
His son built this house!
His son, who is very short, has straight hair.
His songs were not bad.
Hm, are they buy one get one free?
Hmm, I always have trouble with this speaker.
Hmm, I don't really like that bedtime song.
Hmm, I don't remember the title of that TV show!
Hmm, I don't see anything I need in this aisle.
Hmm, I don't think the total is correct.
Hmm, did you let the kids use the stove?
Hmm, why don't we clean up the garbage?
Holidays were the best part of my childhood.
Honestly, it's time to go to bed, kids.
Honey, I want to know how long our layover is.
Honey, I've got to go to the grocery store this afternoon.
Honey, can you check the gas?
Honey, can you put the change in my purse?
Honey, can you put the kids to bed tonight?
Honey, did you let the kids drink your coffee?
Honey, have you picked the songs for our wedding yet?
Honey, how was your day?
Honey, let me know if the cleaner needs anything.
Honey, the kids have got to get dressed before we leave.
Honey, we were also spoiled when we were kids.
Honey, we've got to find a cleaner.
Honey, you spend too much time on social media.
Honey, you're so sweet.
Hopefully, it won't be too cold tomorrow!
Hopefully, it won't rain tomorrow.
Hopefully, it won't snow too much this weekend.
Hopefully, the officers will find the bomb soon!
How about the size of that bed?
How are your studies?
How awful was that performance?
How badly do you need to go to the bathroom?
How badly do you want to meet the cast?
How badly does she hope to go backstage?
How badly does the director need a new performer?
How can I help you, sir?
How can we contact each other when you're in the UK?
How can we know which item is on sale?
How carefully did the audience watch the last act?
How close are you to the stage?
How close were you to the stage?
How could I possibly get a refund?
How did the children get wet?
How did the hockey game go last Friday?
How did the interview go yesterday?
How did the soccer game go last night?
How did the volleyball game go last weekend?
How did you sleep last night, Anna?
How do you copy and paste a file?
How do you keep calm when you make mistakes in gymnastics?
How does your throat feel today, honey?
How excitedly did the audience talk about the show?
How expensive were your tickets?
How fast can she play the guitar?
How good was that jazz performance?
How is the quality of this eye cream?
How long did it take you to do this puzzle?
How long has he been a manager?
How long have you and Ben been in a relationship?
How long have you been an engineer?
How long is the ride to the hotel?
How long will it take to copy fifty pages?
How long will it take to email each customer?
How long will it take to write a new program?
How long will you be out of town next week?
How many acts does this play have?
How many athletes broke world records this year?
How many days will they be traveling in the UK?
How many days will you stay in this city?
How many hours do full-time employees work each week?
How many mistakes did you make in the exam?
How many people are there in a group?
How many people will be staying in the room?
How many slices of chicken are in the fridge?
How many slices of pork do you need?
How may I help you?
How much do you want to watch this performance again?
How much does a pair of sunglasses sell for here?
How much is a round-trip fare?
How much is this eye cream?
How often do the Olympic athletes have training?
How often do we need to get the flu shot?
How often do you have online meetings?
How strange were those animal costumes?
How was the interview yesterday?
How was your day, Emma?
How was your first day at New York University?
How was your first day in New York?
How well does he sing?
Humans don't run as quickly as zebras do.
Hurry up, call the fire department!
Hurry up, take a photo of those giraffes!
Hurry up, we're late for the housewarming party!


I accidentally dropped that glass bottle, and it broke.
I accidentally hit the glass door.
I almost forgot my purse on the subway!
I almost forgot to change to the blue line!
I always check my messages in the early morning.
I always enjoy cycling.
I always let my grandson play games on my smartphone.
I always try to do whatever is best for my family.
I am excited to see so many talented players!
I am new here.
I am preparing for the chemistry exam.
I am wearing my tie, my suit, and my pajama pants!
I am worried about the SAT.
I asked Anna, who's a colleague of mine, to come over.
I asked Emma why her kids might not attend the party.
I ate whatever I wanted to eat.
I believe that the GPS is right.
I believe you'll succeed in whatever you decide to do!
I booked a table for six, and my last name is Wang.
I bought a name brand wallet that matches my purse!
I called her, but there was no answer.
I called you yesterday, but there was no answer.
I can accept whatever has happened.
I can get a weekly pass at the ticket machine, can't I?
I can stay with my family all the time.
I can take line nine to the park, can't I?
I can't be an influencer because I'm too shy.
I can't believe that I'm going to prom with a princess!
I can't believe they never mow the lawn.
I can't believe today is our twentieth wedding anniversary!
I can't check in because there was nobody at the front desk.
I can't imagine my life without technology!
I can't speak French, so can you translate this?
I can't use my credit card at this ATM, so I can't change euros for RMB.
I can't wait for the holiday!
I can't wait to change clothes after prom is over!
I can't wait to hug my soft doll!
I can't wait to see you!
I cut my finger and then I hit my toe.
I didn't ask him why I couldn't just take cough medicine.
I didn't break my arm, but I broke my ankle.
I didn't enjoy my time at all, it was awful!
I didn't hang up on you, my phone died.
I didn't hear you, could you say that again?
I didn't like the steak last night.
I didn't pay too much attention to my health.
I didn't tell Lisa why Ben didn't attend the party.
I didn't use to be chubby, did I?
I didn't use to miss the countryside, but now I do.
I don't add strangers as friends.
I don't earn a lot of money, but I love my career.
I don't have to put on makeup when I work from home.
I don't know who I can ask about skincare products.
I don't know who to ask for help.
I don't know why customer service didn't reply to my email.
I don't like buffets, so I'll order something on the menu.
I don't like humid weather.
I don't like taking public transportation at all.
I don't like this kind of candy, do you want some?
I don't like this type of mooncake.
I don't like walking around in the cold.
I don't like when everybody talks loudly in the office!
I don't need a band-aid, I'm OK.
I don't need anything else, that's all!
I don't remember the password for my tablet.
I don't think we have to follow the teacher's advice.
I don't usually wear caps, but I like this one.
I don't want anything sweet now, maybe later.
I don't want to get my report card.
I don't want to get the flu shot, Mom!
I don't want to go on foot, let's go by tram.
I don't want to have the wedding in Las Vegas.
I don't want to live there, it's always below zero degrees.
I don't want to take dance lessons.
I don't want to walk, let's take a tram.
I don't want tuna in my salad.
I drank coffee, so I was up all night.
I dreamed that I could fly!
I dreamed that I played soccer with a lion.
I dropped Dad's laptop!
I enjoy riding my electric scooter to the beach.
I enjoyed my time here!
I feel a bit stressed, but I'll be OK.
I fell down because the floor was wet.
I finally got my high school diploma!
I forgot my password, and now I can't use my account.
I forgot our anniversary, but he surprised me with a gift!
I forgot to bring a deck of cards.
I found my wallet in the front yard.
I found some of my old CDs while I was cleaning my room.
I found the dress you like, here it is.
I gave the delivery driver a tip.
I got a C in history, but I got an A in English grammar.
I got a call from my ex-boyfriend last night.
I got a call from my ex-girlfriend while I was at the gym.
I got an X-ray before the doctor left.
I got promoted, let's celebrate!
I got up late, and there was too much traffic.
I got your text message a few days ago.
I had a bad dream last night.
I had a busy day, so I was very tired.
I had a busy day.
I had a good time running, but now I'm tired.
I had a pleasant day with my new boyfriend!
I had the chance to do this project with Tom.
I had to change planes in New York. Did you have to change planes too?
I hate washing dishes, so I really want a dishwasher.
I hate writing essays.
I have a pack of paper, how many pieces do you need?
I have a runny nose, and I need a tissue.
I have an extra ticket for the music festival!
I have made up my mind to eat healthy food!
I have not taken the French exam yet.
I have so many great memories from my childhood.
I have some thoughts on this project.
I have to talk a lot because I'm a lawyer.
I haven't checked in yet.
I haven't seen you in years, but you still look the same!
I haven't taken the SAT yet, but I will take it next month.
I hit my toe yesterday, and it still hurts now.
I hit that car's mirror by mistake.
I hope that we have a good effect on this neighborhood!
I hope the airline won't lose my luggage again!
I hope to speak English very well in the future.
I hope you didn't get the flu from me.
I hung up because you didn't answer the phone.
I hurt my hand while I was turning off the stove.
I just asked him who attended our party.
I just got the food from the delivery driver.
I just talked to the new neighbors.
I just want to sit and relax during the layover.
I kicked the ball near the goal, but it didn't go inside.
I know I'll miss my friends.
I know that my careless behavior made my parents upset.
I know you like to read, but it's time to put down the book.
I learned a lot by working with my colleague.
I learned how to do it myself later on.
I left the office without my coffee.
I like Friends, which is a comedy.
I like back-to-school sales!
I like chilies, but I don't like spicy noodles.
I like cycling, but swimming is my favorite.
I like how everyone helps each other at this company.
I like listening to each country's national anthem.
I like the director whose films are about teenagers.
I like the superhero whose superpower is flying!
I like this colorful shirt, but it's too big.
I like this skirt, but it's a bit too short.
I like to make Japanese food, such as sushi and udon.
I like where the company is located.
I live in Tokyo with my husband now.
I love you because you always support me.
I made a big mistake, I can't believe it!
I made an apple pie for the housewarming party.
I met a baseball player, who is from the US.
I met her fiancée, who is from mainland China.
I might be busy, but if not, I'll take two days off.
I might go to Korea, but if not, I'll go to Japan.
I miss my ordinary life in the countryside.
I must lie on the sofa all day!
I need to get ready for prom soon.
I need to go into town to buy a few things.
I need to spend less.
I need to talk to my advisor.
I never take lunch to work because I'm a cook.
I never used to be interested in wildlife, but now I am.
I never used to eat out, but now I do every day.
I never went to a school dance.
I only paid half price for these skates!
I only paid half price for those school supplies!
I only post photos of my cat on social media.
I ordered some egg fried rice.
I ordered steak, and my boyfriend ordered salmon.
I ordered two rolls for us.
I passed by the beach, which was beautiful!
I plan to spend time with some colleagues of mine.
I prefer to go camping by myself.
I prefer to stay here by myself.
I probably seem nervous because today is my first day.
I promise to always be there for you.
I promise to always support you, Emma.
I really want to spend more time with my family.
I remember watching the sunset with my boyfriend.
I saw a few rats in this hotel yesterday.
I saw the breaking news, and now I'm worried!
I saw the news yesterday.
I saw the price tag, let's go.
I should change trains at this stop, shouldn't I?
I should pay more attention to how much money I spend.
I should start grilling the fish now, shouldn't I?
I shouldn't put on makeup on the subway, should I?
I shouldn't throw away this broken glass, right?
I stopped at the bookstore on my way home.
I stopped at the gas station after work.
I take a break every hour.
I talked to the server at the restaurant.
I think Emma's talk show is much more interesting.
I think I can accept whatever has changed.
I think I'll give her a call tonight.
I think I'm only an average student.
I think New York's subway stations are confusing.
I think Tom always watches the same talk show.
I think carrying the flame sounds cool.
I think the kids are spoiled.
I think the kids had more fun than we did.
I think the price is pretty fair.
I think they are a great couple.
I think this soup will taste better with some chilies.
I think we've got some more popcorn in the cabinet.
I think you should put a band-aid on your finger.
I thought you didn't want to become a scientist.
I told my husband why I was unhappy yesterday.
I took my dog to the vet, and now he's healthy.
I understand why onboarding is so important.
I understand why they're so stressed.
I understand why you don't want to change those habits!
I used to be a vegetarian, but now I eat meat.
I used to be her roommate, but now I'm not.
I used to be his follower, but now I'm not.
I used to be rich, but someone stole all of my money!
I used to be shy, but now I'm pretty sociable!
I used to be very shy, but now I'm not.
I used to go camping quite a lot!
I used to go hiking in the woods a lot.
I used to go hiking in the woods quite a lot.
I used to like that channel, but I don't anymore.
I used to love staying up late, but now I don't.
I used to watch a lot of TV series, but now I don't.
I used to work at that cafe when I was a senior.
I want Japanese food for dinner, such as sushi.
I want more lettuce and less rice.
I want to ask Emma to go with us.
I want to be good at playing chess in the future.
I want to buy this leather jacket very badly!
I want to earn more, but I want to work less.
I want to get better at dancing.
I want to go to a well-known university.
I want to live a simple life, not a boring life.
I want to put on some makeup before we take a selfie.
I want to see a play in New York.
I want to travel abroad for spring break.
I want to watch something funny, how about this TV show?
I wanted the last roll, but Ben ate it!
I was a junior in 2010.
I was fired.
I was going to eat this dish, but I found a hair in it.
I was going to go sailing, but I had a problem with my boat.
I was going to have brunch with her, but I had to work.
I was going to have toast, but there wasn't any bread.
I was going to have toast, but there's no jam.
I was going to kiss Lisa, but the fireworks started!
I was going to order Chinese food, but we live too far away.
I was going to order coffee from that cafe, but it's closed.
I was going to order dessert, but I felt sick.
I was going to play badminton, but it's too windy.
I was going to ride my bike, but I have a flat tire!
I was going to see the fireworks, but I fell asleep.
I was going to take her out, but she didn't call me back.
I was going to talk to the kids, but they're asleep.
I was late because there was too much traffic!
I was lying in bed with my cat all day.
I was more amazed at the actors in this Korean drama.
I was not driving on the wrong side of the road!
I was sleeping all day yesterday because I had a headache.
I was the only person in this crowd applauding!
I was very embarrassed when I stepped on his foot.
I was wrong, the party is canceled.
I wasn't going to play cards, but Tom wants to play with me.
I wasn't going to ride my bike, but my skateboard is broken.
I watched a scary movie before bed last night.
I will put away the cup.
I will stay at another hotel tomorrow.
I woke up from a bad dream, and then started to cry.
I wonder if I could return this sweatshirt.
I wore a suit, and everyone else wore jeans.
I would like a double room with an ocean view.
I'd like a coffee and an ice water.
I'd like less cheese on my sandwich, please.
I'd like to avoid eating fast food.
I'd like to buy the black leather one.
I'd like to eat something fancy, what about Italian food?
I'd like to have a better relationship with her.
I'd like to have a sandwich.
I'd like to order a hot chocolate and a piece of cake.
I'd like to order some dim sum and an ice water.
I'd like to order some egg fried rice.
I'd like to return this printer in exchange for a refund.
I'd love to go to an Italian restaurant, honey!
I'd love to show you around the city.
I'll ask them to join us, OK?
I'll be back in a minute.
I'll be having Thanksgiving dinner at granny's house.
I'll be late for the movie whether I go by bus or subway.
I'll be making mashed potatoes in the kitchen.
I'll be out of the country during the holiday.
I'll be out of town tomorrow.
I'll be sending him a postcard when I'm in Thailand.
I'll be staying at the hotel, and you'll be skiing.
I'll forgive you if you buy me a new rug!
I'll get him a few of his favorite comic books.
I'll go get an extra cup for you, Mom.
I'll go get some garbage bags.
I'll grab you a snack, Anna!
I'll have lunch before I go to health.
I'll learn difficult vocabulary when I take advanced French.
I'll learn useful vocabulary when I take advanced English.
I'll put medicine on it, and then I'll give you a band-aid.
I'll put some medicine on your finger.
I'll put you through to customer service.
I'll show you the parking lot.
I'll support whatever is best for your health.
I'll take advanced English next semester.
I'll take six classes next semester.
I'll take this math class again next semester.
I'll take you to the doctor so you can get an X-ray.
I'll text you later, take care!
I'll watch it whether the tickets cost 30 RMB or 60 RMB.
I'll work on the slide show.
I'm a writer, so I can work from any location.
I'm afraid I don't have enough experience.
I'm afraid of water, so I don't want to go on a cruise.
I'm afraid that I can't find the right person!
I'm afraid that she won't have fun at prom.
I'm amazed at how great these actors are!
I'm asking Mom when the opening ceremony starts.
I'm asking Tom what the athletes do at the opening ceremony.
I'm asking him what I should do after I get the result.
I'm best at cooking Chinese food.
I'm bored because my date doesn't want to dance with me!
I'm bored, let's grab some drinks.
I'm buying all of the stuff that I like!
I'm calling the police as soon as possible!
I'm calling to ask a few questions.
I'm completely disappointed with this service.
I'm confused, what's going on?
I'm excited to meet the cast!
I'm excited to see so many talented athletes!
I'm friends with Anna on social media.
I'm friends with a few celebrities on social media!
I'm glad I had the chance to work here.
I'm glad I'm here!
I'm glad that I live in New York now.
I'm glad that I'm here!
I'm glad that my internet isn't slow today.
I'm glad that we're friends, Emma.
I'm glad that you had a great time yesterday.
I'm glad that you moved to New York, Ben!
I'm glad that you're my roommate!
I'm glad the company is located near the subway station.
I'm glad we both love New York.
I'm glad you had a great time in New York.
I'm glad you like jazz.
I'm glad you showed me around, thank you!
I'm going camping this weekend, would you like to join me?
I'm going through the security check, can I call you later?
I'm going to avoid arguing with people on social media.
I'm going to eat supper before bed.
I'm going to major in English at Harvard.
I'm going to major in physics.
I'm good, I don't need anything else.
I'm good, thank you.
I'm hurt, can someone take me to the doctor?
I'm new in town, so I don't know this place very well.
I'm new in town.
I'm not a very sociable person.
I'm not allowed to take a break until noon.
I'm not interested in non-fiction.
I'm only an average medical school student.
I'm picking up my luggage now.
I'm pretty good at spelling!
I'm pretty sure your book will be published, Tom.
I'm really busy these days.
I'm serious, tell me what the movie is about.
I'm so bored.
I'm sorry that you broke up.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you very well.
I'm sorry, I couldn't find a tie to match your dress.
I'm sorry, I don't have an extra skateboard.
I'm sorry, I'm a bit busy at the moment.
I'm sorry, it's really not a good time to talk.
I'm sorry, that product isn't available right now.
I'm sorry, what are you saying?
I'm still a little shy when I talk to girls.
I'm sure that you'll find your luggage.
I'm sure that you'll like this city!
I'm sure the weather will be nice tomorrow.
I'm sure they'll catch that robber soon!
I'm sure this walking tour will be interesting!
I'm sure you'll have a great roommate!
I'm sure you'll like Harvard.
I'm taking violin lessons now.
I'm the thirtieth full-time employee at this company.
I'm thinking about learning Spanish.
I'm thinking about starting a vlog about baking!
I'm very hungry, so everything smells good to me.
I'm worried about the SAT.
I've already graduated, but my sister is still a freshman.
I've already passed all of my exams!
I've already seen all of the movies at the cinema.
I've always liked the art center in Italy.
I've been an engineer for about twenty years.
I've been married to your Grandma for fifty years.
I've got a feeling that I'll dislike that character.
I've got a feeling that the cinema might be busy.
I've got a feeling that this will be a great movie!
I've got a feeling that tickets might be sold out.
I've got some snacks that we can eat tonight.
I've got to drink coffee at night if I need to stay up late.
I've got to get dressed before they come.
I've got to put this pair of shorts in the washing machine.
I've lived here for over a month.
I've met so many soccer fans all over Europe!
I've passed the exam, so I'll get an A on my report card.
I've voted in two elections since I was eighteen.
I've watched that news, so I'll watch something else.
I've worked as a receptionist before, but now I'm a secretary.
I've worked as a receptionist for two years.
If I can't share my screen, I'll email you these documents.
If I don't have a lot of time, I'll get fast food.
If I don't pass, I can't take the next class.
If I don't take it with a meal, I'll get a bad stomachache.
If I drink, I don't drive.
If I exercise more, maybe I'll lose some weight.
If I have enough time, I'll have dim sum for lunch.
If I look at my phone before bed, I don't sleep well.
If I share this post, I might win a prize!
If I want to be a doctor, I've got to go to medical school.
If I'm forgiven, can I play outside?
If I'm not busy, then I'll go.
If he finishes work on time, then he'll meet us at the bar.
If it rains a lot, we might not be doing any activities.
If it rains, we won't be able to grill these vegetables!
If most of the people vote for her, she'll win the election!
If she works from home, she wants to keep herself busy.
If the answer is correct, put a check here.
If the interview goes well, I think I'll get hired!
If the layover is long, we can shop at the duty-free shop.
If the rain is heavy, don't go outside.
If the waves are big, I'll go surfing.
If the waves aren't too big, they'll go swimming.
If there's a problem, call the phone number below.
If there's too much sun, I won't go outside.
If there's too much sun, will you bring an umbrella?
If we have a long lunch break, we will have Dim sum.
If we plan to hike in the cold, we should wear warm clothes.
If you apply for that position, I think you'll get hired.
If you are free, we can get tickets to the opera tomorrow.
If you are in danger, I can help you!
If you choose evening courses, you could sleep until noon.
If you didn't enjoy your time, call the manager.
If you don't get out of the jeep, you won't get lost!
If you don't have the price tag, you can't return it.
If you don't listen to the tour guide, you might get hurt.
If you don't understand the instructions, let me know.
If you don't want to get hurt, stay in the jeep.
If you don't want to get wet, remember to bring an umbrella.
If you feel upset, go for a walk.
If you feel very sore, you should go to the doctor.
If you finish the housework, your friends can come over.
If you get lost, please ask somebody for help.
If you have any questions, call the front desk.
If you have any questions, write them down.
If you have trouble with the computer, give me a call.
If you help him wash the car, he'll let you borrow it.
If you like, we can go sightseeing tomorrow.
If you like, we can have dinner together.
If you like, we can see a play together.
If you like, you can have some grilled shrimp.
If you like, you can join us!
If you like, you can put a slice of cheese on your sandwich.
If you love reading, Chinese literature is a good choice!
If you need help with your essay, go to the writing center.
If you set the table, I'll clean the oven.
If you set the table, I'll wash the dishes.
If you take evening classes, you can sleep until noon.
If you want to go downtown, take line eight.
If you want, we can offer you a different room.
If you want, you can stay here until noon.
If you're free, we can get tickets to the opera tomorrow.
If you're tired, get some sleep.
In London, this is called the subway.
In Mom's dream, she could not find her ring.
In Spain a kilogram of this coffee sells for forty euros!
In her dream, she could not remember anyone.
In her dream, she couldn't eat candy anymore.
In her spare time, she loves playing cricket.
In his dream, he could use magic powers to end the war!
In his dream, the mouse had magic powers!
In his dream, the president was a talking lion!
In my dream, I couldn't remember my name!
In my opinion, his jokes aren't very funny.
In my opinion, she's a very creative director!
In my opinion, this TV series is very confusing!
In my opinion, this talk show is boring.
In my opinion, we should switch channels.
In the end, that character's behavior was so surprising!
In this old photo, there's a firefly on your nose!
Influencers make a lot of money by posting photos.
Instead of fighting, they became good friends.
Instead of practicing kung fu, he always drinks at the bar!
Instead of staying in the small town, he left.
Instead of stealing money, the thieves stole the car.
Is Wall Street across from the Brooklyn Bridge? There are lots of banks on Wall Street.
Is everything half-price?
Is five o'clock the time when you finish work?
Is it OK if I ask for some advice about my résumé?
Is it OK if I call you back later?
Is it OK to feed this giraffe?
Is it OK to turn on the light?
Is it a good time to ask you a few questions?
Is it a good time to talk right now?
Is it all right if I bring my cat to our meetings?
Is it all right if I work from home for the rest of the day?
Is it all right if I work from home?
Is it difficult to stay fit?
Is it necessary to call the boss back now?
Is it necessary to talk to the manager?
Is it on your right-hand side or your left-hand side?
Is it raining hard now?
Is my arm broken?
Is our apartment number 105?
Is playing video games good for your brain?
Is she going hiking or not?
Is she going to check my weight first?
Is that a sign for a fast food restaurant?
Is that company going to publish your book?
Is that the reason why they missed the meeting?
Is that the reason why you missed the meeting?
Is the bear around here?
Is the elevator across the hall?
Is the ham almost ready, or not?
Is the heat off in room 309?
Is the museum open every day, except Sunday?
Is the stuff here inexpensive?
Is the swimming pool across the hall?
Is the tennis match at NYU?
Is the ticket machine on the right-hand side?
Is the tip included in the total.
Is the tip included in the total?
Is there a back-to-school sale this weekend?
Is there a fast food restaurant at the rest stop?
Is there a good chance he'll get promoted?
Is there a good chance you'll get paid more?
Is there a printer in your home office?
Is there a problem with the tire on the left?
Is there a sink in the garage too?
Is there a subway station on Fourth Street?
Is there a two-day pass for the tram?
Is there any half-price furniture at this flea market?
Is there anyone working at the front desk?
Is there anything else we can do before the rain stops?
Is there anything else we can play outside?
Is there blood on its arm?
Is this book fiction or non-fiction?
Is this bottle of cola yours?
Is this buy one get one free?
Is this coat cheaper than the other?
Is this liquor available in a larger bottle?
Is this neighborhood safe at night?
Is this one-way ticket less than two dollars?
Is this pair of glasses made of glass?
Is this soap made from local fruit and honey?
Is this the ground floor?
Is this the right platform?
Is this wallet six hundred RMB?
Is writing stories your new favorite hobby?
Is your battery dead?
Is your body sore?
Is your lunch break an hour or half an hour?
Is your phone ringing?
Is your roommate a student at NYU?
Isn't it difficult to protect so many people?
Isn't it very hot in the desert during the day?
Isn't our teacher retired?
Isn't she making you happy?
Isn't she planning to bring a warm jacket?
Isn't their twentieth wedding anniversary tomorrow?
Isn't there an umbrella there?
Isn't your dog afraid of thunder?
It always takes a long time to repair the wall, doesn't it?
It always takes six hours to repair the fence, doesn't it?
It has been above forty degrees for the past four days!
It has been freezing for the past two weeks!
It has been the most popular TV station here since 2005.
It has been two weeks!
It has snowed every day for the past week.
It is a long ride, so I'm going to watch a movie.
It is nice to work from home.
It is not comfortable to sit in a chair all day.
It is not easy to end the meeting on time.
It is not possible to take a break at work.
It is stressful to have five meetings every day.
It is stressful to talk to my manager.
It is stressful to work all day.
It is stressful to work all night.
It is stressful to work with lots of people.
It isn't necessary to take this medicine with a meal.
It isn't too cold today, it's cool.
It made her happy when you gave her those flowers.
It made her happy when you invited her to dance with you.
It makes me upset when you don't talk to me.
It says that we're ten miles from the rest stop.
It seems like he offered you some good advice.
It seems like she's always wrong about the temperature!
It seems like this is a popular course.
It seems that you want to change your mind.
It sounds good to me!
It sounds good to me, I love ping pong!
It takes less than five minutes to make popcorn.
It takes more than luck to be famous!
It takes more than luck to find a good husband!
It takes more than luck to get a good role!
It takes more than luck to have a successful career.
It took me a month to read it because it's so long!
It took me six hours to do this puzzle!
It took them six weeks to reply to my message!
It was a short ride, but the kids still fell asleep.
It was dark in my room, so I turned on the light.
It was raining very hard all night last night.
It won't take long to check the tires.
It won't take long to stop at the gas station.
It's OK to be chubby!
It's OK, everyone has trouble with that elevator!
It's OK, there's always next year!
It's OK, you can cover me with a big, wool sweater!
It's OK, you don't need to be a very sociable person!
It's a baby bear, isn't it?
It's a good deal, isn't it?
It's already been a few hours since the accident happened.
It's already been a few minutes since he called the police.
It's already been a week since I watched the news.
It's already been an hour since they put out the fire.
It's already been an hour, so where's the delivery driver?
It's already been three hours since the fire started.
It's always hot and sunny in Singapore.
It's always humid in the rainy season in Singapore.
It's always pleasant to talk to him!
It's always very foggy in the morning.
It's below zero degrees outside, it's freezing!
It's cool outside, so I'm wearing a light jacket.
It's easy to get the flu in the winter.
It's easy to make mistakes in gymnastics!
It's easy to set up an account!
It's fun to dance and celebrate together!
It's fun to hike to the top of a mountain!
It's fun to teach her how to ride a motorcycle.
It's fun to teach them how to play musical instruments.
It's getting late, and I'm getting tired!
It's getting late, so why did you put on a dress?
It's important to keep calm when you're performing.
It's important to listen to the tour guide on the safari.
It's made in the US, and it's my favorite name brand.
It's me, Lisa!
It's never below zero degrees in the desert.
It's not buy one get one free, it's half price.
It's not buy one get one free, it's half-price.
It's not easy to complete every project on time.
It's not possible to be on time if there's too much traffic.
It's only been a week, but I want to give up.
It's raining hard, and everything is wet.
It's really hard to stay fit.
It's safer to go for a swim in clean water.
It's so foggy now.
It's so kind of her to give me some feedback!
It's time to lock the back door, Ben.
It's too foggy, I can't see the mountain.
It's too foggy, I can't see the stars.
It's two forty six, and Duo isn't in the meeting room.
It's usually humid in Miami.
Italian food has always been Anna's favorite.


Jack, who fell in love with Rose, drew a picture of her.
Jack, who was sitting on the chair, drew a picture.
Japan played against China in ping pong.
Jazz is my favorite kind of music!
Just ask the doctor what you should do.
Just ask the nurse how long we'll stay in the waiting room.
Just ask the nurse why you should get a flu shot.
Just do whatever is best for you.


Keep quiet, kids.
Keep this medicine in the fridge, and take it with a meal.
Kevin's group will write an essay about Korean culture.
Kids, remember to lock the gate before bed.
Kids, you've got to do these things by yourselves.
Kids, you've got to fix the lamp by yourselves.
Kids, you've got to help me clean up the kitchen.
Kids, your brother will put you to bed tonight.


Last week was especially stressful, wasn't it?
Last year, she bought whatever she wanted to buy.
Lately the news on this channel has been interesting.
Lately there has been a lot of exciting news!
Lately there's been a different news anchor on this channel.
Lately this channel has been Tom's favorite.
Later on, he got fired because he made a big mistake.
Later on, the boss got married to an employee!
Left-click, and then the screen will turn on.
Let me fix the sink, honey!
Let me go get the chili sauce in the fridge.
Let me know if the cleaner calls back.
Let me mop the floor.
Let me tell you why that's bad for the environment.
Let me wash all of the dirty clothes.
Let's ask for a refund.
Let's ask the DJ to play this song!
Let's ask them to hang out with us!
Let's bring back a bottle of liquor for Uncle Ben.
Let's do some research on French culture before we start!
Let's fly a kite together!
Let's get in the taxi.
Let's go to Thailand for the holiday.
Let's go to the duty-free shop during the layover.
Let's grab something to eat!
Let's have roast duck for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
Let's have the wedding at a fancy restaurant.
Let's look around here.
Let's make a phone call, you type too slowly.
Let's plan this project together.
Let's put these dirty brown sheets in the washing machine.
Let's set the table.
Let's start a club about protecting the environment.
Let's stay here and put a movie on.
Let's take a road trip together!
Let's take a selfie together.
Let's take public transportation because it's cheaper.
Let's walk along the path on the left.
Let's watch a movie instead of a TV show.
Let's welcome Ben, a model from Canada!
Let's welcome the next model to the stage!
Life is going well, what about you?
Lions sleep more than humans do.
Lisa didn't tell me what she would like to order.
Lisa doesn't know how to use this type of mouse.
Lisa got an X-ray before the doctor arrived.
Lisa has the same nose as her mother.
Lisa looks nice in those square glasses.
Lisa might have the chance to get promoted.
Lisa, who is my best friend, won a thousand dollars!
Long hair is in fashion for men.
Look at the writing on this painting.
Look at these fancy high heels!
Look at this magic wand, which I always wanted to buy.
Look at this two-bedroom, two-bathroom place!
Look out, Ming Wang, the enemy is behind you!
Look out, that girl is very good at kung fu!
Look out, the enemy is on top of the ambulance!
Look out, the man who's driving the ambulance has a gun!
Look out, there's a fire in that building!
Look! I was wearing a cowboy hat in this picture.
Look, here's my new magic wand, which is made from wood.
Look, she's dancing with the DJ!
Look, someone is breaking into that house!
Look, that giraffe is standing next to a tree!
Look, this is Dad's favorite cologne!
Look, you can see the bottom of the stream now!


Make sure you're online at 6:45.
Many of the fast food restaurants in the US have fries.
Many of the fast food restaurants offer kids' meals.
Many of the restaurants near the office are closed.
Mapo tofu has a spicy flavor that I like.
Mapo tofu is my favorite dish.
May I sit next to you, sir?
Maybe I should choose an intermediate course.
Maybe I should listen to Professor White.
Maybe I'll eat chicken fried rice on my lunch break.
Maybe I'll find the right person on this app!
Maybe I'll order something different.
Maybe he's not the right person for you.
Maybe next year I'll try to become more sociable.
Maybe we'll have more fried chicken.
Maybe you can ask for a refund.
Mike is going to sing in his live video, isn't he?
Millions of people have already voted in the election!
Miss Wang will be staying here for an extra night.
Miss, is something wrong?
Miss, is there anything wrong?
Mom always does housework when we're asleep.
Mom and Dad couldn't live without a dishwasher!
Mom and Dad never used to eat out at fancy restaurants!
Mom asked me to do some housework.
Mom didn't use to send texts much.
Mom doesn't like to use the dishwasher.
Mom gave Dad a love letter on their 30th anniversary.
Mom gave Dad a love letter on their thirtieth anniversary.
Mom is asking her where we can get flu shots.
Mom is asking me how old those Chinese divers are.
Mom is asking the nurse when he will check my temperature.
Mom just put clean white sheets on the bed.
Mom never lets us wear her high heels.
Mom said she wants less sauce on her pasta.
Mom was angry because we didn't put away our clothes.
Mom was playing music on her phone all day.
Mom's got to fix the ceiling before the holiday.
Mom's got to wash the dog before Chinese New Year.
Mom, I think we're in the wrong aisle.
Mom, can I ask a few of my friends to come over?
Mom, do you need help with the housework?
Mom, take a photo of my sandcastle!
Mom, take a picture of my sandcastle!
Mom, we haven't walked the dog today!
Mom, why have we got to clean the house today?
Mom, you promised to read a bedtime story to me!
Monkeys are usually around here.
Most farmers here used to grow rice.
Most of my expensive jewelry was taken!
Most of our teachers are retired now.
Most of the jewelry is on sale.
Most of the kids want to order kids' meals.
Most of the passengers are standing.
Most of the people in this group are pretty patient.
Most of these caps are buy one get one free.
Most of you can't order kids' meals because you're adults.
Most offices are open today.
Most people here love their job.
Most people in this company are very friendly.
Move your mouse there, and then click on that file.
Mr. Smith doesn't like our dog, does he?
Mr. Smith, whose sister is the host, is on the show tonight.
Mrs. Green doesn't often clean up her trash, does she?
My advisor offered me good advice.
My advisor said I could choose a few advanced courses.
My advisor told me to take advanced Spanish.
My back was sore when I woke up.
My best friend is engaged to my brother!
My body feels really sore.
My boss is between thirty and forty years old.
My boyfriend is best at eating.
My boyfriend was a senior when I was a junior.
My cat always keeps herself busy.
My cat downloaded two songs onto my phone!
My cat has more followers than I do.
My cat is bad at singing, but she's worse at dancing.
My cat loves to sleep in the sun.
My cat will be taking an online class at four.
My cat wore a suit that was very cool.
My cousin makes money by playing video games!
My dad will certainly buy that comic book for me.
My date brought me flowers and pearl earrings!
My date for prom is the most popular girl at school!
My date is on the way, so I've got to get ready!
My date's suit doesn't match my dress.
My daughter had a baby, and I finally have a grandkid.
My daughter saw more animals than I did.
My dog is never afraid of snowstorms.
My dog is trying to share my screen.
My dog is unhappy because I work all the time.
My dog will be sending you a meeting invitation in a moment.
My ex-boyfriend sent me lots of texts last night.
My fiancé hopes to have a big wedding.
My husband is the sweetest.
My husband's car keys were lost last night.
My internet is really slow.
My kids will be taking an online class at half past one.
My laptop is dead.
My left leg hurts badly.
My life is messy!
My lunch break is an hour and a half.
My mom is worried about my studies.
My mom isn't good with computers.
My neck is always sore when I get the flu.
My nephew doesn't live in this town anymore.
My new boss seems very helpful.
My partner isn't patient at all.
My pay wasn't very high at that time.
My phone rang while I was taking a shower.
My right arm didn't hurt too badly last night.
My room looks awful.
My sister had a baby boy, so now I have a nephew!
My son is good with smartphones, so I asked him for help.
My son is spoiled, and he doesn't do housework at all.
My son wants the running shoes which are on that shelf.
My son will be taking online classes in the early morning.
My ticket was more expensive than Emma's.
My wife always gives me the best kisses!
My wife and I are going to share a bowl of chicken curry.
My wife told me to ask for a refund.
My wife told me to make up my mind.


Never mind, I left him a message.
Never mind, I'll call you back in a few hours.
Never mind, we got a text from her.
New York is a big city, you can easily get lost.
Next time you're in Italy, you must try the pasta!
Next year, I'm going to eat whatever is best for my health!
No Smoking!
No one in this store was helpful today.
No one told her which forms to fill out.
No one told me when to check my email.
No one wants to go there because it's smelly.
No, the tip isn't included in the total.
Nobody cleans up the neighborhood, so it's always smelly.
Nobody sings worse than you do!
Not all influencers are friendly.
Now I realize staying up late is bad for my health.
Now I'm happy with my pay.
Now my son is a junior!
Now she has the chance to work in a different department.
Now we understand why you were stressed during onboarding.
Now we're allowed to take a break.
Nowadays, everyone has a microwave in the kitchen.
Nowadays, people use smartphones all day.


OK, we'll see you soon!
OK, we'll see you soon, Emma!
Of course! No problem!
Oh good, her knee stopped bleeding.
Oh my god, I felt so confused!
Oh my god, he stole five million RMB!
Oh my god, someone stole my car!
Oh no, Emma, why do you want to give up?
Oh no, I don't have enough money to pay the fare!
Oh no, I got a call from my ex-boyfriend!
Oh no, I have a bad stomachache.
Oh no, I have a flat tire!
Oh no, I left my coffee on top of the car by mistake!
Oh no, I made the wrong photocopy!
Oh no, I spilled my coke on the cushion!
Oh no, how did you spill your drink?
Oh no, my battery is dead.
Oh no, she forgot to give us the directions!
Oh no, that's a scary story.
Oh no, the embassy is in danger!
Oh no, the post office is on fire!
Oh no, there's a blue stain on my white tie!
Oh no, we don't have anything to drink!
Oh no, we haven't got anything to drink!
Oh no, your knee is bleeding.
Oh, I saw Anna, who is a model from Hong Kong!
Oh, don't pay attention to what people say about your body.
Oh, her boyfriend is attractive.
Oh, we don't have time to go to chess practice!
Oh, we forgot to bring a tent.
On New Year's Eve, we talk about our life for the past year.
On a normal day, people come to work around nine.
On a normal day, people finish work at five.
On a normal day, we have a meeting before lunch.
On average, students go to the gym once a week.
On average, students have fifteen classes a week.
On this trip, he plans to spend a lot of time outdoors.
On today's tour, we will have afternoon tea.
On weekdays, he wakes up in the early morning.
Once again, Tom bought me the perfect gift!
Once again, he forgot our wedding anniversary!
Once again, my husband gave me roses on our anniversary.
Once again, we celebrated our wedding anniversary at home.
One day, I made fifty photocopies of a document!
One moment please, I'll put you through to Tom.
One moment please, she's speaking to another customer.
One moment please, sir.
One sleeve is longer than the other one.
Oops, I clicked the wrong link.
Oops, I forgot to put those flowers in the vase.
Oops, I thought you were my husband, sorry!
Oops, that guy is a passenger, not a worker here!
Oops, this is the blue line, not the red line!
Oops, we bought the wrong ticket!
Open your mouth and let me see your throat.
Our apartment is in the last building on the right.
Our boss gave each salesperson a different job.
Our boss pointed at the people in the break room.
Our boss wasn't happy with Ben, was he?
Our boss wasn't happy with the secretary, was she?
Our boss will always offer to help us.
Our department manager is a difficult person.
Our dog is always tired and lazy.
Our dog is good at taking live videos, isn't he?
Our dog never cleans, he lies on the floor all day!
Our family didn't use to travel abroad much.
Our family plans to go camping in July.
Our family used to get together for every holiday.
Our family used to have picnics in this field quite a lot.
Our family went on a safari in the east of Africa.
Our fashion show is held in Milan every year.
Our favorite restaurant didn't close, did it?
Our group got an A since we gave a good presentation!
Our hotel is past the gas station.
Our nephew never used to like this town, did he?
Our office is located in the city center.
Our printer was broken yesterday.


Paparazzi follow celebrities everywhere.
Paparazzi take a lot of photos of celebrities.
Pencils are at the top of the school supply list.
Pens are at the top of the list.
People listen to music on their phones nowadays.
People sell jewelry at the Flea market.
People shouldn't be allowed to park on the sidewalk.
Perfect, his tie matches my dress!
Please don't go to the office on weekdays.
Please get out a pen and a piece of paper.
Please get your textbook out.
Please make sure that you won't drop that glass bottle.
Please make sure the dog doesn't bother me during class.
Please make sure the internet is working.
Please make sure you buy medicine that's safe for kids.
Please make sure you check in two hours early.
Please take the elevator up to the third floor.
Please tell us whatever you plan to do on New Year's Eve!
Podcasts are very popular nowadays!
Press one for English.
Press six for customer service.
Press two for Spanish.
Professor Wang teaches advanced English.
Professor Wang will ask us to write a lot of essays.
Professor White is very strict.
Prom is the seniors' last dance before graduation!
Pumpkin pie is the best thing about Thanksgiving!
Put a check next to the topic your group has picked.
Put all the bottles in the yellow bin.
Put on your pajamas and go to bed.
Put this on your leg until it stops bleeding.


Recycling electronics has a good effect on the environment.
Remember to bring a deck of cards!
Remember to wash your hands after you take out the trash.
Run, those guys might have guns!
Running has become more difficult because I broke my leg!


She added me as a friend after we met at the concert.
She almost fell down because the platform was wet!
She always enjoys herself when she builds a sandcastle.
She always walks so loudly, doesn't she?
She always wears the latest fashion.
She applied for a position in this company.
She asked her boyfriend why he doesn't eat Italian food.
She asked me how to delete her ex boyfriend's phone number.
She asked me to copy these documents.
She came to work without her cell phone.
She didn't ask me when I started having a cough.
She didn't use to read the newspaper much.
She does yoga twice a week to stay fit.
She doesn't eat much, I'll get her a kids' meal.
She doesn't hang out with her neighbors, does she?
She dreamed that the living room was full of people!
She enjoys painting.
She flew through the sky and saved many people!
She flew through the sky last night!
She flew through the sky next to the airplane!
She gave me some advice on a part-time job.
She got a call from her girlfriend yesterday.
She got an X-ray before she talked to the doctor.
She got her diploma from the principal.
She had a good dream last night!
She had a successful political career, didn't she?
She has a lot of tips on how to put on makeup!
She has millions of followers.
She hasn't prepared for the geography exam yet.
She is a graduate from Harvard.
She is a graduate of Harvard University.
She is a quite good actress, and her fiancé is also very famous.
She is busy at the moment.
She isn't popular in Korea, is she?
She isn't very patient, although she's very clever.
She likes how the daily meeting is held here.
She likes where the secretary puts documents.
She looks calm, but I think she's a bit nervous.
She lost a set of keys while she was looking for her purse.
She made me upset before we got in the limo.
She made up her mind to exercise more.
She makes money by taking videos of her dogs!
She needs to turn on the keyboard, I suppose.
She never lets us walk the dog by ourselves.
She never used to like sleeping in a sleeping bag.
She offered me advice, but I'm not going to listen to her.
She offered to help because I'm new.
She often lets her granddaughter wear her jewelry.
She plays the woman whose husband is rich.
She pointed at the meeting room across the hall.
She raises money to buy books for poor children.
She recorded an album for her fiancé last month.
She shares photos of her baby, and I share photos of cats.
She spent too much time on her studies.
She spilled her juice, so there's a stain on the carpet!
She started writing this short story a few days ago.
She surprised me with a kiss.
She thought I liked this book.
She told me to get a refund at the cash register.
She told me to go to the cash register.
She told me why she forgot about our plans last weekend.
She took pictures with the cast backstage.
She turned off her computer before bed.
She used to be blond, but now she has red hair!
She used to be chubby, but now she's thin.
She used to be so cheerful, but now she isn't.
She used to contact her relatives quite a lot, didn't she?
She used to smoke cigarettes, but now she doesn't.
She usually goes running, and then she does yoga.
She wants this very badly.
She was going to cook for me, but the stove was broken.
She was going to eat her soup, but she found a hair in it.
She was going to eat, but she felt sick.
She was going to join us, but her baby was sick.
She was going to play badminton, but her leg is broken.
She was going to take her wife out, but she got mad.
She was helpful, but I didn't get a refund.
She was late, but everyone else was early.
She was smiling when I read my card to her.
She was the only person who was sleeping at the concert.
She wasn't helpful at all.
She will come to see you in a few minutes.
She works so many hours because she's a lawyer.
She works very hard, and she's always very helpful.
She'll be out of the country during the holiday.
She'll be sending me a postcard when she's in Thailand.
She'll be sending me an invitation to the meeting.
She'll get a student ID before school starts.
She'll take health before the semester ends.
She's a baby now, but she'll grow up so fast!
She's a creative photographer, isn't she?
She's a fairly successful director, whose movies are great.
She's a great host, whose jokes are always funny.
She's a great role model for kids, isn't she?
She's a huge fan of France's national soccer team!
She's a software engineer, so she's good with computers!
She's afraid that prom won't be perfect.
She's asking me why the judge isn't showing us the score.
She's asking us what often happens at the opening ceremony.
She's calling to speak to a manager.
She's failed the geography exam twice.
She's flown in a helicopter once, but she didn't like it.
She's flown in a helicopter twice.
She's getting ready for prom.
She's glad that she can wear pajamas all the time!
She's got to put the books on the shelves.
She's made up her mind to exercise more.
She's making a phone call now.
She's new in town, isn't she?
She's not online because her computer is dead.
She's not talented, but she's an incredible Olympic athlete.
She's taken the train from France to Italy before.
She's telling me what I can use to check my temperature.
She's the most creative person you know, isn't she?
She's wanted to be the president since she was in college.
Shh, Ben is telling us why the crowd is applauding.
Shh, I'm telling Dad which judge comes from China.
Shh, Lisa is telling me who is throwing the ball.
Shh, this part of the movie is the best!
Should I check my temperature every twelve hours?
Should I get a two-day pass or a weekly pass?
Should I left-click or right-click?
Should I take English literature this year?
Should I take this medicine every four hours?
Should I take this pill with a meal?
Should I turn left or right after the traffic light?
Should we bring a deck of cards for camping?
Should we give the delivery driver a tip?
Should we rent a car or take public transportation?
Should we take a quick break?
Shouldn't we take calculus before we graduate?
Shouldn't you get that textbook for calculus?
Shouldn't you take advanced calculus?
Shouldn't you take calculus this semester?
Skates aren't on your school supply list, Lisa.
Slow songs always make me sad.
So, I should speak British English here, shouldn't I?
So, did you do whatever you decided to do?
So, did you find something that you all agreed on?
Some people pray at the mosque every day.
Someone stole his wallet while he was getting my purse.
Sometimes I wear pajamas to online meetings.
Sometimes your friends change as you grow up!
Sorry, I can't cook because there's no gas.
Sorry, I don't have any change.
Sorry, I forgot you're a vegetarian!
Sorry, my internet is very slow.
Sorry, we don't offer kids' meals.
Stand in front of the goal!
Starting a club is a good idea!
Stop bouncing the ball in your bedroom!
Stop drinking, it's time for bed.
Students, you will do this project in groups of four.
Superheroes are always much stronger than humans!
Superman, who has many superpowers, always saves people.
Superman, who is my favorite superhero, can fly.
Superman, who is the strongest superhero, saved the city.
Sweet dreams!
Sweet dreams, we love you, Dad!


Take a seat, everyone.
Take care and keep in touch!
Take the sandwich out of the oven.
Taking selfies makes me nervous.
Talk to you soon!
Talk to you soon, Tom, bye!
Tell me all about the hike in Italy!
Tell me what's wrong, honey.
Tell me where you learned those drawing skills!
Tell mom how you feel.
Tell us how you feel, and we'll call the doctor.
Thank you for always being there for me.
Thank you for bringing back a postcard for me!
Thank you for calling customer service.
Thank you for respecting our work!
Thank you for telling me about that issue, Emma.
Thank you for the advice about my résumé!
Thank you for the pie, it's delicious!
Thank you for the potato chips, Ben!
Thank you for the souvenir, Emma!
Thank you for the tip, Lisa!
Thank you, I enjoyed my time here.
Thanks to the heroes, this place is safe now.
Thanksgiving is coming, we can't wait!
Thanksgiving is next Thursday.
That Olympic athlete started diving at the age of six!
That TV show is much better than this one.
That TV station has changed its location since last year.
That actor plays the woman whose husband dies in the war.
That actor, who is from mainland China, is famous!
That actor, who is from mainland China, is getting divorced.
That airline has great service!
That baby monkey is cute, isn't it?
That blind guy is good at kung fu.
That building was changed into a post office.
That cafe is in the city center, which is nearby.
That car was driven by a careless driver.
That company didn't pay him last month.
That dog is standing because he sees food on the table.
That girl, who is a model, is from mainland China.
That guy gave me directions in French and I was confused!
That guy might know where we can find an ATM.
That handsome man is a famous singer who is from Hong Kong.
That handsome man is a famous singer, who is from Hong Kong.
That hat is in fashion, but I don't like it.
That host, whose suit is colorful, speaks six languages!
That influencer isn't online right now, is she?
That is a beautiful piece of furniture.
That is his fiancée, who is a famous singer.
That is his fiancée, who is also from Hong Kong.
That isn't a good deal at all.
That magic wand, which I often use, is broken.
That man robbed the bank, and then he ran away.
That man who had on a black suit stole six million RMB.
That man, who was good at drawing, drew a picture of her.
That movie star, who is from mainland China, is married.
That news anchor has retired, so I won't watch this anymore.
That news anchor isn't on this channel anymore.
That piece of furniture was fixed a few days ago.
That player has already scored two goals!
That pop singer was dancing all night!
That pop singer wore a hat that was really cool.
That professor seems like a strict person.
That rap star wore a necklace that was very cool.
That river is very deep.
That scarf is designed by a model.
That song was not bad, but I don't want to listen to it again.
That steakhouse had many kinds of champagne.
That very kind man is her true love.
That was Superman, who can fly very fast!
That was a careless mistake, and we're sorry.
That was such a friendly camel!
That watch is 100 dollars more than the digital one.
That woman might know what this bag is made from.
That woman was taken to the prison.
That woman who had a black sweater on robbed me.
That woman who had on sunglasses robbed the bank.
That's Emma, she's the best engineer on our team.
That's a good deal.
That's a nice outfit, honey!
That's a sign for a gas station, isn't it?
That's a well-known university in the US.
That's all, thank you!
That's all. Thank you for your help.
That's fine, thank you.
That's fine, thanks.
That's fine.
That's the man who is on my favorite cooking show!
The DJ is playing some pop music at prom right now.
The GPS told us to take the highway.
The GPS told us to take the next exit.
The Greens will be out of town tomorrow, won't they?
The Mid -Autumn Festival is coming!
The Olympic athletes always look so calm, don't they?
The Olympics this year are incredible!
The TV is gone!
The TV series that I often watch is called Friends.
The TV was gone!
The Wangs are our new neighbors.
The White House has been here for over two hundred years.
The White House, which has a pool, is the president's home.
The White House, which is on the left, is very big.
The White House, which is very big, is the president's home.
The action movie that I like isn't very popular.
The adults were sleeping while the kids were crying.
The air is always dry here, and the sky is always clear.
The apartment where he lives is nearby.
The baby bear is so cute!
The baby bear looks so cute!
The baby giraffe is taller than I am.
The baby isn't awake right now.
The baby was crying, so we were up all night.
The bank and the jewelry store were robbed yesterday!
The bank is in town.
The bank is next to the post office, which is nearby.
The bank was robbed yesterday.
The bar where we often go after work is nearby.
The baseball game went well yesterday.
The beginning of this day isn't going very well.
The best thing about NYU is the library.
The big game was crazy yesterday!
The boat tour costs thirty pounds.
The book that I wrote last year didn't get published.
The boys next to me are chatting excitedly.
The broken cabinet in the kitchen needs fixing.
The brunch comes with toast and a cup of yogurt.
The bus is arriving in two minutes, I checked the schedule.
The bus ticket costs fifty dollars, and that's a high price.
The bus tour is fifty pounds, including a two-day pass.
The bus tour is sixty pounds, including dinner.
The cafe that I usually go to is on 22nd Street.
The chef whose restaurant is my favorite is on the show.
The cinema will be busy whether we go on Saturday or Sunday.
The city center, which has many shops, is always busy.
The commentator is telling us how incredible the divers are.
The commentator is telling us how many medals this girl has!
The company allows me to drive the company car anywhere!
The company didn't change a lot last year.
The company's new location is closer to my house.
The copy machine is in the copy room.
The cost of this perfume is thirty dollars.
The countryside didn't use to be so crowded.
The desert is always hot and dry during the day.
The directions are probably wrong, so we're back again.
The divers are telling each other how excited they are.
The doctor is telling us where we can get the result.
The doctor is writing a prescription for me.
The doctor will call you every three days.
The dorm is opposite the dining hall.
The driver told us to get out of the taxi.
The elevator won't be working for a few hours.
The email says that someone is using my account!
The engine isn't working, and I have a flat tire!
The environment has many serious problems!
The exit sign is on the right hand side.
The exit sign is on the right-hand side.
The experience I got from my last job was useful.
The fans were crazy about their favorite teams!
The first place player will get a prize.
The flea market sounds cool!
The floor is a bit dirty, isn't it?
The frogs are returning to this stream right now!
The front of the museum is very interesting.
The game went OK last night.
The game went well last week.
The gas station is past our hotel.
The government will have a new president soon.
The gym that I go to offers yoga classes every day.
The heat is off in room three seven one.
The hotel is only five miles away, so it's a short ride.
The hotel room is very nice, but I want to go outdoors.
The internet bill is cheaper here.
The kid began to cry at midnight.
The kids accidentally broke Dad's favorite mug.
The kids always bother me when I work from home.
The kids are in trouble because they broke my vase!
The kids don't listen to us because they're spoiled.
The kids finally got tired!
The kids forgot to put away their sneakers.
The kids never help us clean up, they're spoiled!
The kids sleep in different bedrooms.
The kids still love to catch fireflies now!
The kids used to go fishing in this stream every week!
The kids used to make dumplings together and eat dinner.
The kids were playing while the adults were cleaning.
The kids' rooms are a bit dirty, aren't they?
The king's cat was missing, but someone found it!
The kitchen is at the front of this house.
The kitchen was messy after we cooked Thanksgiving dinner.
The layover is short, so I can't go to the duty-free shop.
The lion saw the zebra and then it ran away!
The list which my teacher gave me is in my bag.
The living room needs cleaning.
The man in a red jacket robbed the supermarket.
The man on the talk show seems much more excited now.
The man who has a lot of money wasn't her true love.
The man who killed the bad guy is a hero.
The man who was very kind was her true love.
The manager is pleased to meet you.
The manager is strict, isn't he?
The manager of the TV station has changed since 2019.
The manager will be with you in about ten minutes.
The model changed her shirt in less than thirty seconds.
The model dressed in pink is so good-looking!
The model dressed in the gold suit is good-looking.
The museum is open every day except Friday.
The new office seems very comfortable.
The news anchor was asking a lot of political questions.
The news headline said that she has already run away.
The next act is after the break.
The next room is the office where Ben works.
The nurse is checking your weight.
The nurse is telling Mom why the result isn't ready.
The nurse is telling me why she's checking my temperature.
The nurse will put some medicine on your arm.
The office is between five and six miles from my home.
The office is located across the hall.
The officers caught the man who had the bomb.
The orchestra is preparing for their performance.
The parking lot is across this street.
The parking lot is past the restaurant.
The parking lot is past the traffic light.
The perfume which she likes best is sold out.
The person who's on this talk show is much more popular.
The place where I wait for the bus is here.
The place where I work is on this street.
The play was amazing last night!
The police are looking for the robber now.
The police will be here as soon as possible.
The post office was changed into a train station.
The president is talking about his political ideas.
The prince shouted at the monster angrily.
The principal is happy for the graduates.
The principal will give everyone a diploma.
The public transportation is bad, so we're renting a van.
The puppy can sleep in our big, clean bed!
The puppy isn't allowed to sleep in your bed!
The quality of this shirt is not very good.
The reason why he's here is to introduce himself.
The reason why he's here is to meet you.
The rent includes heat and electricity.
The reporter has been worried since the officers arrived.
The rest stop is past the sign for the exit.
The robber didn't have any clothes on!
The round glasses which you like are on sale!
The ruler which my son needs is sold out.
The salesperson even wrapped this souvenir for me!
The salesperson helped me return the sandals.
The salesperson might know how much this bag is.
The salesperson wasn't helpful, but I got my refund.
The salesperson wasn't very helpful.
The second act is better than the first act.
The seniors will always remember their prom!
The service at that restaurant is horrible.
The service was horrible last night.
The service was not bad.
The sightseeing tour is sixty pounds, including three meals.
The skates which I like are sold out.
The skies are clear during the day too.
The sleeping bags are in the tent.
The sleeves on this shirt are too short.
The spinach in my pasta is really fresh.
The staff never replied to my email.
The staff will not clean your room until 10 am.
The staff won't be cleaning your room till 10 a.m.
The study needs cleaning.
The stuff that's on this shelf is half-price.
The subway in Beijing is always on time.
The subway map is confusing!
The sun is very bright today, isn't it?
The superheroes flew through the sky!
The supermarket was robbed yesterday.
The taxi fare is about 30 dollars.
The teacher always puts a check next to the correct answers.
The third course is the main course.
The thunder was so loud last night.
The time when happy hour starts is six o'clock.
The total cost is two hundred and forty dollars.
The total cost of everything you bought is sixty euros.
The total seems wrong, so let's check the price again.
The touch screen on my old phone is broken.
The tour guide knew more about the wildlife than we did.
The vet said this monkey is in good health.
The vet will be with you in a moment.
The water in this stream didn't use to be dirty!
The weatherperson is talking about the weather.
The weatherperson says that it will rain tomorrow.
The weatherperson says that tomorrow will be a sunny day.
The weatherperson was wrong about the weather!
The winner of the tennis match will get a prize.
The winner stands at the top of the podium.
The woman who stole my purse has already run away!
Their daily life isn't always perfect, is it?
Their dog is so lazy, she always wants to sit.
Their dresser is wooden, and her dresser is plastic.
Their son often plays the drums loudly, doesn't he?
There are a few apartments available in this building.
There are all kinds of second-hand clothes.
There are always so many insects in the woods.
There are books at the flea market, aren't there?
There are bugs everywhere!
There are four hundred athletes on China's team.
There are lots of people at the flea market, aren't there?
There are many shops in the city center.
There are paparazzi outside of his house every day.
There are restrooms at the rest stop.
There are six characters in Friends.
There are six people on the design team.
There are so many beautiful plants along this path.
There are so many different dishes on this menu.
There are ten seasons of Friends.
There are too many clouds, we can't see the sun.
There are too many toys on the floor, can you put them away?
There are toys at the flea market, aren't there?
There are two volcanoes in that national park.
There are usually back-to-school sales in August.
There is a fence between the road and the White House.
There is a lot of space in the living room.
There is garbage in the stream.
There isn't a printer in his home office.
There isn't anyone at the front desk after 11 p.m.
There was a big snowstorm last weekend.
There was too much traffic this morning.
There will be a storm this Saturday.
There's a crowd in the square because the queen is here!
There's a discount on these clothes.
There's a gas station on the way to the hotel.
There's a good chance I'll need to work on weekends.
There's a good chance my boss forgot to call me back.
There's a great Chinese restaurant in town.
There's a grocery store across from our apartment.
There's a lot of garlic in this dish.
There's a nice cafe across from the library.
There's a parking space past that black car.
There's a playground a few blocks away from here.
There's a playground about a mile away from the house.
There's a set of keys in my purse.
There's a small shop opposite the dorm.
There's always next year!
There's an old railroad behind city hall.
There's breaking news about a big fire downtown!
There's nothing at the bottom of the list.
There's too much candy here, do you want some?
There's too much sun outside.
These are the round glasses which are the most popular.
These are the round glasses which you might like.
These are the running shoes which I got for my son.
These chilies are a bit spicy.
These days, she never puts on makeup.
These flies are really annoying!
These mugs aren't broken, are they?
These notes are in Spanish, and those notes are in English.
These pants are a bit too big, so I need a smaller size.
These rooms are nice, they are a good size.
These shelves are a bit dirty, aren't they?
These shoes are in fashion, and I really like them!
These square glasses look nice!
These strawberries aren't sweet, they're sour.
They always eat pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving.
They always enjoy themselves at the beach.
They applauded excitedly for the actors.
They are going to hold the fashion show in Milan.
They are going to hold the fashion show in another city.
They are still growing vegetables on the farm, aren't they?
They changed clothes in less than five minutes!
They didn't use to talk about their childhood, did they?
They don't have a fence in the backyard, do they?
They don't know what kind of skincare products Anna likes.
They have been together for five years.
They haven't prepared for the geography exam yet.
They met her kids, who are also polite.
They never mow the lawn!
They sell all kinds of second-hand things.
They still haven't replied to my email!
They tried to catch that woman, but she ran away.
They used to be a couple, but now they're not.
They used to live in this apartment when they were seniors.
They usually eat dinner on the patio, don't they?
They were going to play tennis, but the rackets are broken.
They were responsible for cleaning the dining room.
They weren't going to call me, but they need my skateboard.
They'll check your essay at the writing center.
They're all freshmen at NYU.
They're at the gallery, which is near the city center.
They're finally on the way!
They've got to wash the dishes by themselves.
This Chinese restaurant offers dim sum!
This French director will be at the film festival.
This TV series and that book have the same title.
This airline is offering a discount!
This band performs at the music festival every year.
This book has many interesting facts about Chinese culture.
This book is fiction, and it's very interesting!
This bucket is broken, I'll put it away.
This building was changed into city hall.
This bus schedule is confusing!
This chair might look nice in our living room!
This chili sauce is good, but it's spicy!
This city has good public transportation.
This coat looks nice on my dog.
This company doesn't pay me a lot, but I like working here.
This company offers its employees good pay, doesn't it?
This curtain is a bit dirty, isn't it?
This dish is fine, but the dish that Emma ordered is great!
This dish is fine.
This dress is a bit too big.
This dress is a bit too colorful.
This film is better than the last one.
This is Anna, how may I help you?
This is a TV series that has seven seasons.
This is a beautiful area of London.
This is a big temple, which was built in 1995.
This is a new landmark, which was built in 2006.
This is a new railway, which was built in 2010.
This is a podcast about technology.
This is a pretty safe neighborhood.
This is an old railroad, which was built in 1958.
This is called supper in British English.
This is customer service, how may I help you?
This is how you make grilled fish.
This is how you make mooncakes.
This is how you make roast duck.
This is my favorite type of mooncake!
This is my first time driving a jeep!
This is my first time taking the subway in Beijing.
This is not surprising at all.
This is such a nice leather bag, isn't it?
This is such an amazing view!
This is such nice wooden furniture.
This is the T-shirt which she bought for gym class.
This is the TV series that we watch all the time.
This is the bag which Ben likes best.
This is the best essay I've written.
This is the longest book in the series.
This is the most beautiful landscape I've ever seen!
This is the perfume which my wife likes best.
This is the receipt for your school supplies.
This is the tennis racket which I bought for gym class.
This is the way to make grilled fish.
This is too much fried rice, would you like some?
This jacket is designed by my favorite designer!
This key doesn't open the back door, does it?
This lake is very deep, so don't go swimming by yourself.
This leather chair comes in brown and black.
This lemon sauce tastes a bit too sour.
This light summer dress is soft and comfortable.
This medicine is safe for adults over thirty.
This mosque is very big.
This name brand bag sells for a higher price in the UK.
This neighborhood is dirty, so flies are flying around here.
This neighborhood is pretty quiet, isn't it?
This neighborhood isn't dangerous at night, is it?
This office seems bigger than my last one.
This outfit is a bit too small, so I need a larger size.
This pair of shoes is so uncomfortable.
This paper doesn't have our teacher's signature on it.
This pilot has flown helicopters for twenty years.
This pink sweater is designed by him.
This place has an amazing view.
This play has three acts.
This rabbit is in good health.
This railroad has been here for twenty years.
This restaurant doesn't offer hot chocolate.
This restaurant has great Dim sum!
This restaurant is popular with tourists.
This restaurant offers breakfast all day!
This restaurant offers brunch all day!
This room doesn't have an ocean view, but it's very nice.
This room has a fantastic ocean view!
This room was changed into a library.
This seat is taken, I'm sorry.
This seems like a fair price, doesn't it?
This shirt is red, and the other is blue.
This shirt isn't available in a smaller size.
This shop has the earrings that she likes.
This sign is a bit confusing, isn't it?
This smartphone has the latest technology.
This state is famous for its various landscapes.
This street, which has a lot of cafes, is often busy.
This sushi is OK, but the udon is amazing!
This temple, which is famous, is often busy.
This town didn't use to have so many buildings!
This weatherperson has worked for the TV station since 2010.
This writing isn't in English.
Those bugs are making strange noises.
Those cowboys taught me how to ride a horse!
Those seats aren't taken.
Those thieves ran away last night!
Those thieves were taken to prison.
To bake a cake, you need 200 grams of sugar.
To be honest, I am not interested in celebrities.
To be honest, I hate sports!
To be honest, her fiancé is really handsome.
To be honest, this character is much kinder than the others.
To be honest, those tips aren't very useful.
To download the form, check the folder below.
To get to California, follow the highway for thirty miles.
To go to medical school, I need to take biology.
To make this fruit salad, you'll need some grapes.
To stay fit, I go to the gym every day.
To stay fit, he plays basketball four times a week.
To stay fit, she runs ten miles a week.
Today is my birthday, and I want to buy a new outfit!
Today's performance was better than yesterday's.
Today's special is popular with all of our customers.
Today, China is playing against Japan in badminton!
Tom Smith was right about the thunderstorm, wasn't he?
Tom didn't ask me which hotel I might book.
Tom fell asleep during the second act!
Tom gave me this phone number, but it's incorrect.
Tom hung up the phone because there was no answer.
Tom is telling his dad how many gold medals China has.
Tom isn't happy with his new video, is he?
Tom left his passport at the check-in counter!
Tom takes notes well, although he doesn't write quickly.
Tom was going to order salmon, but it was sold out.
Tom was going to play badminton, but his friend is busy.
Tom was learning how to grill ribs while I was drinking.
Tom's daughter is growing up so fast!
Tom's song was worse than Emma's.
Tomorrow it'll be below fifteen degrees in Paris.
Tonight's special comes with steak or salmon.
Trick or treat!
Turn left after the library.
Turn left at the traffic light.
Turn off the TV, and then I'll put you to bed.
Turn right after the hotel.
Two musicians in the orchestra played the trumpet.
Two people on the sales team got promoted!


Um, I don't think so.
Um, I think so.
Um, I think that's the wrong bus schedule.
Um, Ming Wang, I think your nose is bleeding.
Um, did you see that sign?
Um, is this a parking space?
Um, that doesn't seem like breaking news.
Um, we accidentally broke this sculpture.
Uncle Wang still grows beans on his farm now.
Unfortunately, I don't have superpowers.
Unfortunately, this place isn't peaceful anymore.
Unfortunately, we're not in a relationship anymore.
Using less water is also good for the environment.
Usually, I don't let the kids turn on the stove.


Wait for me, I won't take long!
Walk across this street, and you'll see the cafe.
Walk across this street, and you'll see the mosque.
Walk across this street.
Was Anna's performance longer than Ben's?
Was Dad going to play chess with you?
Was he going to see Anna around six?
Was that bear following you all night?
Was there a delay for the train to Boston?
Wasn't Anna in Miami with her family last week?
Wasn't Tom in Korea with his family last month?
Wasn't it cold in Las Vegas last night?
Wasn't it cold in Shanghai yesterday?
Wasn't it cold yesterday?
Wasn't it windy in Chicago last night?
Watch out, don't touch the stove.
Watch out, the water inside that cup is very hot.
Watch out, those knives are dangerous.
Watching a comedy sounds much more relaxing.
We all change as we grow up.
We all want to meet your husband!
We all wear pajamas to online meetings.
We all wear pajamas when we work from home.
We all work from home these days.
We applauded when the firefighters put out the fire.
We are at the National Gallery, which was built in 1940.
We are friends, but we are not very close.
We are going to order the chicken curry, it's delicious.
We are going to try the chicken curry.
We are looking for apartment 106.
We are meeting in the park on Saturday, right?
We are waiting for the performance excitedly.
We aren't very good with social media, are we?
We ate a lot of food that we grew by ourselves!
We borrowed these board games from Grandpa.
We both got a B in geography.
We broke up last week, but he called me last night.
We broke up, but he still calls me all the time.
We broke up, so I don't want her to send me texts anymore.
We brought back a souvenir for you.
We called the fire station and the police station!
We can change trains at this station, can't we?
We can get to the market on foot.
We can help the people who are in danger!
We can offer you breakfast.
We can play many card games with a deck of cards.
We can raise money on social media to help poor children.
We can see camels in the north of Africa, can't we?
We can take a quick break, can't we?
We can take public transportation to get to the hotel.
We can talk about whatever you want to change in your life!
We can use this app to get delivery.
We can write down whatever we decide to do.
We can't eat Mapo tofu on the subway, can we?
We can't hear you very well.
We can't imagine life without each other.
We can't see the bottom because the water is deep.
We could sign up for a cooking class!
We could start running a few times a week!
We couldn't live without social media!
We definitely want to use different pillows!
We did badly on our project.
We did really well on the presentation and got good grades.
We did this project in pairs.
We didn't have time to finish this project.
We didn't use to be bored, did we?
We didn't use to leave our village much!
We do Tai Chi in the park every Friday morning.
We don't have time to go to baseball practice.
We don't know what happened, but everyone seems very scared.
We don't know what's going on, but everyone seems scared.
We don't need a monthly pass, we're only here for a week.
We don't need to have a big and fancy wedding.
We don't want to clean the carpet by ourselves.
We finally found a movie that we all agreed on!
We got good grades since we did well on the project.
We got out of the car, but nobody was there.
We had a good time running yesterday!
We had a pleasant night together.
We had fun traveling by air.
We had hot pot in Chinatown yesterday.
We had so much fun at the theme park!
We had to wait for an hour and a half.
We hardly ever get together anymore.
We have always been close.
We have enough chairs on the patio, don't we?
We have to talk to the principal about starting this club.
We haven't finished this big project, so we're stressed.
We haven't got any coke, but we've got juice.
We haven't heard from the reporter since the bomb was found.
We haven't seen our math teacher in years!
We hope to have a fall wedding.
We hope to have a wedding next year.
We hope to invite all of our friends to the wedding.
We hope to see you at the wedding!
We like to get together and chat.
We love this neighborhood!
We loved to eat the vegetables that Grandpa grew.
We may go camping together.
We may take a road trip this summer.
We may watch the sunrise on Sunday morning.
We met that movie star's sister, who was so polite.
We missed the news because Dad switched the channel.
We must clean our room before lunchtime.
We need different blankets because this one is too small.
We need more signatures to start this club!
We need to accept whatever is best for us.
We need to go through the security check.
We need to go to the police station immediately!
We need to put the things we want to recycle in that bin.
We need your bank account information, sir.
We never used to eat out because Dad was a chef!
We never used to eat out, except for special days!
We never used to like Africa, but now we do.
We only need to pay half price for these comic books.
We passed by many great restaurants.
We plan on taking dance lessons this summer.
We plan to take a photography lesson every week.
We really need to complete this project today.
We received feedback from a few of your customers!
We rode camels all day, and then we watched the sunset.
We saw a turtle while we were playing golf!
We should buy two round-trip tickets.
We should change to line six, shouldn't we?
We should communicate with one another every day.
We should follow the instructions on this page.
We should go shopping in town.
We should put on the TV series that we usually watch.
We started to get along with each other later on.
We talk about our plans for next year on New Year's Eve.
We took a break after we threw away all of the garbage.
We took so many selfies in the limo!
We tried to ask somebody for help.
We tried to find a date that everyone agreed on.
We used to be happy when we lived in the countryside.
We used to get together and eat dinner on Christmas.
We used to get together on Chinese New Year quite a lot.
We used to hang out together when we were seniors.
We used to have a barbecue together and play cards.
We used to help Grandpa on the farm quite a lot.
We used to study together when we were seniors.
We used to swim in the lake quite a lot.
We voted for her because she seems like an honest person.
We waited excitedly for the second act to begin.
We waited in line for about ten minutes.
We waited in the car while Dad was checking in.
We watched a soccer game at the stadium last Friday.
We watched this film, which was about the White House.
We went to the dance together when we were seniors.
We were behind schedule since he wasn't helping.
We were going to cook, but we didn't have any rice.
We were going to eat there, but it was closed.
We were going to eat there, but there was no food.
We were going to eat this, but it was too spicy.
We were going to eat this, but we found a hair in it.
We were going to eat, but we felt sick.
We were going to have champagne, but I felt sick!
We were going to see the fireworks, but it rained.
We were going to see the fireworks, but the baby was sick.
We were going to swim, but the water is very deep.
We were watching the game in the rain all night.
We will buy new curtains before Chinese New Year.
We will buy new curtains before the Spring Festival.
We will help each other.
We will start today's tour here.
We won't be cleaning your room tonight.
We'll be having a few guests for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
We'll be having grilled pork and roast duck.
We'll be making roast duck for the Mid-Autumn Festival.
We'll be watching the show at our place.
We'll catch those thieves as soon as possible!
We'll communicate with one another about what to do.
We'll cross that bridge by tram.
We'll have a barbecue during our lunch break.
We'll help one another.
We'll meet the tour guide in that square.
We'll pass by the Central Park on the way to the hotel.
We'll pay you once a month.
We'll start today's tour from here.
We're amazed at their performance.
We're at the national gallery, which has many paintings.
We're both freshmen.
We're completely disappointed with this product.
We're excited to start our tour, we'll go to the London Eye!
We're glad that we protected everyone today.
We're going to Milan to see the fashion show!
We're going to Paris for our twentieth anniversary!
We're going to take a quick break at the rest stop.
We're going to the film festival, aren't we?
We're good friends, but we've never dated.
We're on the way there, and it's a short ride!
We're on the way to the hotel.
We're really excited to go to the London Eye.
We're renting a van because we have six passengers.
We're retired, so we plan to move to the country.
We're so happy for all of the graduates!
We're taking this van to the hotel.
We've already planned each person's job.
We've done some research, so let me show you these facts.
We've got to protect the embassy!
We've got to start working on the schedule.
We've only got an hour before the movie starts!
We've seen three operas in Italy.
We've sent it back, but we haven't received a refund.
We've worked for this company since 1995.
Welcome to our neighborhood!
Well, Grandma lets us eat cookies before dinner.
Well, I prefer an action movie instead of a comedy.
Well, I was going to go to the cinema with a friend of mine.
Well, are they buy one get one free?
Well, sometimes Tom isn't very patient.
Well, that manager wasn't helpful at all.
Well, there's always next year!
Well, this day was disappointing.
Well, this is not a good deal.
Were they asking you for help at that time?
Were they drinking all night?
Were they going to come to the party around four thirty?
Were they going to have a barbecue around eight?
Were they playing hockey in the rain yesterday?
Were you a junior then?
Were you crying while the music was playing?
Were you drinking while the babies were sleeping?
Were you going to have a party around five?
Were you going to play chess or do a puzzle?
Were you laughing while the baby was crying?
Were you lying in bed all day?
Were you sleeping while the baby was crying?
Were you up all night last night?
Weren't Ben and Lisa in Singapore last Friday?
Weren't they going to see the fireworks last weekend?
Weren't they in Thailand last August?
Weren't you surprised when he got promoted?
What are cookies called in British English?
What are these called in the UK?
What are you going to study at NYU?
What are your feelings about that character?
What are your plans for the National Day holiday?
What are your thoughts on this topic?
What can we use to clean up the playground?
What did Grandma use to cook on Chinese New Year?
What did Mom use to put in the kids' red envelopes?
What did she say about translating this document?
What did you dislike about the theme song?
What did you do at the stadium yesterday?
What did you use to do on Christmas?
What did you use to eat on Mid-Autumn Festival?
What did your wife want you to return?
What dish is he making on the cooking show tonight?
What do people do for the Mid-Autumn Festival?
What do you like about Chinatown?
What do you like about New York?
What do you think about the pay here?
What do you think about the quality of this bag?
What do you think about their performance?
What do you think about this cologne, Ben?
What does the news headline say?
What does the word lift mean?
What does your wife want you to return?
What happened to your computer battery?
What have I got to do before my girlfriend comes?
What have I got to do before my parents come?
What have we got to do before the cleaner arrives?
What is a lift called in American English?
What is her brother like?
What is today's special?
What is your opinion on this topic?
What kind of grilled meat do you like?
What kind of jam do you like?
What kind of lettuce do you want in your salad?
What kind of yogurt do you like?
What kinds of changes do you want to make to this room?
What school will they go to when summer is over?
What should we do during the layover?
What sorts of school supplies did you buy for the kids?
What time is your friend coming over tonight, Ben?
What time will we be eating on Thanksgiving?
What time will we be taking online classes?
What time will you be arriving on Thursday?
What was so surprising in the end?
What was the weather like in Beijing last week?
What was the weather like in Las Vegas yesterday?
What were you doing at ten fifteen?
What were you doing while Tom was crying?
What were you doing while the kids were playing?
What were you going to make for dinner?
What were you going to put on the TV, Emma?
What were you playing while I was working?
What will you do when this semester is over?
What would you like for your main course, sir?
What's at the top of the school supply list?
What's going on, Lucy?
What's that singer's fiancé like?
What's that singer's husband like?
What's the difference between a farmer and a cowboy?
What's the most interesting superpower?
What's the password to your phone, Dad?
What's the total?
What's wrong, do you have a bad stomachache?
What's your favorite non-fiction book?
When Ben calls me, I'll be staying in the cabin.
When Dad works from home, he stays in the study all day.
When Emma arrived, we were listening to live music.
When Grandma was a kid, she didn't have a microwave.
When I finish school, I'll travel with my family.
When I heard the live music, I was drinking in the bar.
When I take this class, I'll get a workbook.
When I want to relax, I often let my baby look after my cat.
When I was a kid, my dream was to become a photographer.
When I was watching the news, my dog switched the channel.
When I work from home, I still put on makeup.
When Mom was at work, she had a headache.
When did China score a goal?
When did the thief break into your apartment?
When did they get engaged?
When did you check in at the hotel?
When did you get engaged?
When did you hit your head?
When do you want to get together and plan the project?
When he felt sick, she took him to the hospital.
When his wife texted him, he was watching live music.
When is the deadline to sign up for courses?
When is the next election in the US?
When kids trick or treat, people give them candy.
When my dog saw me, he jumped over the fence.
When she kissed the groom, her mother cried.
When someone disagrees with you, you should listen to them.
When the firefighters arrived, everyone was happy.
When the live music ended, everyone was still dancing!
When they get back, we'll be sleeping in the cabin.
When we were at the cafe, my stomach felt strange.
When will I be allowed to attend that meeting?
When will they graduate?
When will you get paid?
When will you get tired, Emma?
When you arrive, I'll be waiting for you in the cabin.
When you go to college, you won't have a locker.
When you're on the way to the cabin, we'll be hiking.
When's the back-to-school sale?
Where can I find the form I need to complete?
Where can we find this kind of eye cream?
Where did your husband buy that gorgeous jewelry?
Where is she going to put all the stuff she bought?
Where should we put the sleeping bags?
Where were you while the baby was crying?
Where were you while the kids were sleeping?
Where will Ben work when the semester is over?
Where will you be when summer is over?
Which apartment do you like better?
Which apartment is available now?
Which book is the longest?
Which bowl is empty?
Which country did France play against last night?
Which course are you going to sign up for?
Which courses does Professor Wang teach?
Which door is the exit?
Which fast food restaurant do you like the most?
Which jacket, the wool one or the leather one?
Which medicine is safe for kids?
Which model is the most good-looking?
Which musician did you like better?
Which necklace, the gold one or the silver one?
Which parking lot is for customers?
Which player is in first place?
Which restaurant do you like better?
Which salesperson knows what the price of these items is?
Which school supply is at the bottom of the list?
Which team scored the final goal?
Which type of room do you want?
Which type of room is available?
While my husband was eating ribs, I was buying souvenirs.
While the cat was playing in the yard, it hurt itself.
While the dog was exercising, it hurt itself.
While the dog was walking on the street, it hurt itself.
While this monkey was climbing a tree, it hurt itself!
While we were waiting, the chef was grilling ribs.
While you get gas, I'll get some potato chips.
Who are these beautiful flowers for?
Who did you use to spend time with on the National Day?
Who got first place in the swimming competition?
Who is going to join us tomorrow?
Who is going to sing the national anthem tonight?
Who is performing at the music festival this weekend?
Who is the author of that series?
Who is working on the slide show?
Who knows how many items we can buy at this duty-free shop?
Who switched the channel?
Who wants a bowl of strawberry ice cream for dessert?
Who will carry the flame to the stadium this year?
Who's going to the class reunion next week?
Whose drink is missing?
Whose salad tastes strange?
Whose soup tastes sour?
Why are those trees on fire?
Why are you dissatisfied with the airline's service?
Why are you interested in this position?
Why are you not excited about spring break?
Why are you waving at the police?
Why are you worried about the Gaokao?
Why aren't the business class tickets expensive?
Why aren't there any bus stops nearby?
Why aren't there any rooms available?
Why aren't there any towels in our room?
Why aren't they staying at the same hotel as us?
Why aren't we taking public transportation?
Why aren't we taking the bus?
Why aren't you excited about spring break?
Why aren't you happy with the airline's service?
Why aren't you interested in any national parks?
Why can't I drive the jeep by myself?
Why can't I get out of the jeep to take a photo?
Why can't I ride the elephant?
Why can't elephants run as quickly as lions?
Why can't he be a bit more patient?
Why can't we bring our own food?
Why can't we go on a safari together?
Why couldn't I get a job at the writing center?
Why couldn't you come to classes on time?
Why did Ben put on a suit instead of his pajamas?
Why did Dad shout at you?
Why did Mom have a flat tire?
Why did the kids let the dog go outside?
Why did the manager fire Tom?
Why did you choose a comedy instead of a documentary?
Why did you hang up on me?
Why did you let the kids buy so much candy?
Why did you switch the channel, Ben?
Why did you try to mix the water and oil together?
Why didn't we find a tour guide?
Why didn't we see zebras on the safari?
Why didn't you bring a sleeping bag?
Why didn't you bring any bug spray?
Why didn't you follow the instructions?
Why didn't you put on any bug spray?
Why didn't you put your underwear away?
Why do I always have trouble with the copy machine?
Why do all freshmen have to take a history course?
Why do all new students take history courses?
Why do news anchors always wear suits?
Why do you dislike action movies?
Why do you make me wear Dad's old suit?
Why do you seem so stressed lately, Mr. Wang?
Why do you want to avoid eating fruits and vegetables?
Why does this corn taste sour?
Why does this sofa cost ten thousand dollars?
Why don't we take a road trip?
Why don't you join us?
Why don't you like action movies?
Why don't you like to take selfies?
Why don't you take French literature next semester?
Why don't you want to go to an Italian restaurant?
Why don't you want to major in computer science?
Why have we got to do this now?
Why is Grandpa always watching political news?
Why is Lisa so stressed today?
Why is it so foggy in the forest?
Why is the heat off in room 604?
Why is the heat off?
Why is there a cake in the break room?
Why is this window broken, can you explain this?
Why isn't anyone voting?
Why isn't he coming with us?
Why isn't he taking the bus?
Why isn't she at the check-in counter?
Why isn't she staying with her friend?
Why isn't she taking the taxi with us?
Why isn't the security check open?
Why isn't there a coffee machine on this floor?
Why isn't there an elevator in this hotel?
Why should I accept whatever is decided by someone else?
Why shouldn't freshmen take advanced math?
Why shouldn't she change her major?
Why was Lisa so embarrassed?
Why was prom unpleasant yesterday?
Why was the service horrible?
Why were you up all night last night?
Why won't you let Ben join our group?
Will I get paid more if I work full-time?
Will someone be cleaning the room today?
Will that store have a holiday sale?
Will the staff be fixing the heat soon?
Will we be having many guests?
Will we be having turkey on Thanksgiving?
Will we get our report cards this week or next week?
Will we get wet?
Will you get paid more at your new job?
Will you let me go to the movies with my friends?
Will you let me hang out with my boyfriend tonight?
Will you let me play outside if I take out the trash?
Will you let us eat fast food for dinner tonight?
Will you put some medicine on my right leg?
Wonder Woman is a superhero who can fly!
Wonder Woman is a superhero who has many superpowers.
Wonder Woman saved the people who were in danger.
Would you like another piece of apple pie?
Would you like anything else to drink?
Would you like anything else?
Would you like anything sweet?
Would you like some vegetable Fried Rice for lunch?
Would you like steak or seafood as your main course?
Would you like to join us?
Would you like to start learning French in the future?
Wow, Duo, you're such an amazing photographer!
Wow, I can't believe that he added me as a friend!
Wow, I've never flown business class before.
Wow, Lisa, you're so fit!
Wow, going on a cruise sounds like a fun adventure!
Wow, he scored the final goal, and it was amazing!
Wow, kids grow up so fast!
Wow, look at the flame!
Wow, look at the landscape in this photo.
Wow, she switched the channel with her smartphone!
Wow, she's very attractive.
Wow, that was such a great performance!
Wow, that zebra runs so fast!
Wow, the delivery driver arrived so quickly!
Wow, the flower you gave me matches my dress.
Wow, the shrimp looks delicious!
Wow, this table was made in 1991.
Wow, we only need to pay half price!
Write down whatever I say so you won't forget it!
Write down whatever you're interested in.


Yes, Definitely!
Yes, you're allowed to leave the office on your lunch break.
Yesterday he was my boyfriend, but today he is my fiancé!
Yesterday, Grandpa let me bake cookies!
Yesterday, Tom surprised me with a beautiful card.
Yesterday, we met that singer's son, who was very polite.
Yoga is my favorite kind of exercise.
You always make me smile, honey!
You are such a lazy cat!
You built this gate by yourself, didn't you?
You can always get good grades.
You can choose any pizza that's on the menu.
You can come to the online meeting, can't you?
You can easily get to the restaurant on foot.
You can easily travel by tram in London, can't you?
You can enter the house through the yard.
You can follow the directions on this paper.
You can get a monthly pass at the ticket machine.
You can get a weekly pass at the ticket machine.
You can get to NYU easily if you take the blue line.
You can have sweets, but not every day.
You can look at the instructions in the textbook.
You can look for a partner now.
You can make that popcorn with the microwave.
You can order any drink here!
You can order any food that's on the menu.
You can play video games quietly for ten minutes.
You can post videos and photos on social media.
You can put your car in the garage.
You can put your hand up if you have a question.
You can sit on the cushion instead of on the hard floor.
You can still have fun at prom without a date.
You can take the bus anywhere in the city!
You can take the seat next to Duo.
You can taste so many different flavors in this dish!
You can use this app to check the train schedule.
You can use this machine to check in.
You can't get a kids' meal because you're an adult.
You can't go through the security check without your ID!
You can't trick or treat, you're too old.
You could choose a few online courses.
You could choose ten courses this semester.
You could see camels walking around during the day.
You could start a blog about your new hobby!
You could still change your mind now!
You could use Duolingo to learn English!
You didn't do badly, all of you did so well today!
You don't have to accept whatever has happened.
You don't have to pay me back.
You don't have to shout at me, I'll clean my room.
You don't need a lot of experience to work at this company.
You don't need a prescription to buy that medicine.
You don't usually grill meat in the backyard, do you?
You had a busy day, go to bed early!
You left your keys in the door.
You look beautiful, and your dress matches my shirt!
You look like a model in that outfit!
You may have fun playing the keyboard!
You might get hurt if you try to feed the wildlife.
You need a passport to travel abroad.
You need to change to the red line here.
You need to follow the directions, I suppose.
You need to go into town to go shopping.
You need to sign a form after we deliver your item.
You need to take this medicine every eight hours.
You need to turn off the computer, I suppose.
You need to work hard to have a successful career.
You only need to pay half price for this!
You probably got the flu from your brother.
You should ask somebody for help!
You should follow the highway.
You should follow this way for twenty miles.
You should take this pill with a meal.
You shouldn't look at the sun.
You took better photos than I did.
You used to love the countryside!
You will do a project about Japanese culture.
You'll be able to go to prom when you become a senior.
You'll find out more about Harvard when you check the website.
You'll find out more about Harvard when you read this.
You'll find out more about this school when you come here.
You'll get a student ID before you start taking classes.
You'll see many animals during the hike.
You'll sleep in different beds.
You're forgiven, honey.
You're home late, how was your day?
You're hurt, aren't you?
You're not online often, are you?
You're not the worst singer, I'm worse than you!
You're such a good worker.
You've got to get a haircut, Ben.
You've got to get dressed before lunchtime.
You've got to stay in another room while I clean the carpet.
Your advisor will offer you some useful advice.
Your boss is strict, isn't he?
Your boyfriend was drinking all night.
Your cat is in good health.
Your cousin seems like a famous director now!
Your grandpa was an ordinary farmer back then.
Your group did well on the presentation today.
Your kids don't like to play in the backyard, do they?
Your leg is probably broken.
Your life changes as you grow up!
Your life isn't easy, is it?
Your manager is really strict, isn't she?
Your refund will be in your bank account this week.
Your room is across the hall.
Your udon smells so good!
Your wife is so sweet!
